In Eclipse Glassfish versions prior to 7.0.10, a URL redirection vulnerability to untrusted sites existed. This vulnerability is caused by the vulnerability (CVE-2023-41080) in the Apache code included in GlassFish. This vulnerability only affects applications that are explicitly deployed to the root context ('/').
An authentication bypass vulnerability has been identified in Pulpcore when deployed with Gunicorn versions prior to 22.0, due to the puppet-pulpcore configuration. This issue arises from Apache's mod_proxy not properly unsetting headers because of restrictions on underscores in HTTP headers, allowing authentication through a malformed header. This flaw impacts all active Satellite deployments (6.13, 6.14 and 6.15) which are using Pulpcore version 3.0+ and could potentially enable unauthorized users to gain administrative access.
An authentication bypass vulnerability has been identified in Foreman when deployed with External Authentication, due to the puppet-foreman configuration. This issue arises from Apache's mod_proxy not properly unsetting headers because of restrictions on underscores in HTTP headers, allowing authentication through a malformed header. This flaw impacts all active Satellite deployments (6.13, 6.14 and 6.15) and could potentially enable unauthorized users to gain administrative access.
Centreon initCurveList SQL Injection Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of Centreon. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the initCurveList function. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before using it to construct SQL queries. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of the apache user. Was ZDI-CAN-22683.
Centreon updateServiceHost SQL Injection Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of Centreon. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the updateServiceHost function. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before using it to construct SQL queries. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of the apache user. Was ZDI-CAN-23294.
NETGEAR ProSAFE Network Management System Tomcat Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of NETGEAR ProSAFE Network Management System. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the product installer. The issue results from the use of a vulnerable version of Apache Tomcat. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of SYSTEM. Was ZDI-CAN-22868.
Schema parsing in the Java SDK of Apache Avro 1.11.3 and previous versions allows bad actors to execute arbitrary code. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.11.4 or 1.12.0, which fix this issue.
Uncontrolled Resource Consumption vulnerability in Apache Commons IO. The org.apache.commons.io.input.XmlStreamReader class may excessively consume CPU resources when processing maliciously crafted input. This issue affects Apache Commons IO: from 2.0 before 2.14.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.14.0 or later, which fixes the issue.
Cross-site Resource Forgery (CSRF), Privilege escalation vulnerability in Apache Roller. On multi-blog/user Roller websites, by default weblog owners are trusted to publish arbitrary weblog content and this combined with a deficiency in Roller's CSRF protections allowed an escalation of privileges attack. This issue affects Apache Roller before 6.1.4. Roller users who run multi-blog/user Roller websites are recommended to upgrade to version 6.1.4, which fixes the issue. Roller 6.1.4 release announcement: https://lists.apache.org/thread/3c3f6rwqptyw6wdc95654fq5vlosqdpw
Incorrect Default Permissions vulnerability in Apache Tomcat Connectors allows local users to view and modify shared memory containing mod_jk configuration which may lead to information disclosure and/or denial of service. This issue affects Apache Tomcat Connectors: from 1.2.9-beta through 1.2.49. Only mod_jk on Unix like systems is affected. Neither the ISAPI redirector nor mod_jk on Windows is affected. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.2.50, which fixes the issue.
Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability in Apache Lucene Replicator. This issue affects Apache Lucene's replicator module: from 4.4.0 before 9.12.0. The deprecated org.apache.lucene.replicator.http package is affected. The org.apache.lucene.replicator.nrt package is not affected. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 9.12.0, which fixes the issue. Java serialization filters (such as -Djdk.serialFilter='!*' on the commandline) can mitigate the issue on vulnerable versions without impacting functionality.
In PHP versions 8.1.* before 8.1.29, 8.2.* before 8.2.20, 8.3.* before 8.3.8, when using Apache and PHP-CGI on Windows, if the system is set up to use certain code pages, Windows may use "Best-Fit" behavior to replace characters in command line given to Win32 API functions. PHP CGI module may misinterpret those characters as PHP options, which may allow a malicious user to pass options to PHP binary being run, and thus reveal the source code of scripts, run arbitrary PHP code on the server, etc.
Users logged into the Apache CloudStack's web interface can be tricked to submit malicious CSRF requests due to missing validation of the origin of the requests. This can allow an attacker to gain privileges and access to resources of the authenticated users and may lead to account takeover, disruption, exposure of sensitive data and compromise integrity of the resources owned by the user account that are managed by the platform. This issue affects Apache CloudStack from 4.15.1.0 through 4.18.2.3 and 4.19.0.0 through 4.19.1.1 Users are recommended to upgrade to Apache CloudStack 4.18.2.4 or 4.19.1.2, or later, which addresses this issue.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** D-Link DAP-2310 Hardware A Firmware 1.16RC028 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a stack-based buffer overflow in the ATP binary that handles PHP HTTP GET requests for the Apache HTTP Server (httpd). NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
Apache Druid allows users with certain permissions to read data from other database systems using JDBC. This functionality allows trusted users to set up Druid lookups or run ingestion tasks. Druid also allows administrators to configure a list of allowed properties that users are able to provide for their JDBC connections. By default, this allowed properties list restricts users to TLS-related properties only. However, when configuration a MySQL JDBC connection, users can use a particularly-crafted JDBC connection string to provide properties that are not on this allow list. Users without the permission to configure JDBC connections are not able to exploit this vulnerability. CVE-2021-26919 describes a similar vulnerability which was partially addressed in Apache Druid 0.20.2. This issue is fixed in Apache Druid 30.0.1.
Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF), Improper Control of Generation of Code ('Code Injection') vulnerability in Apache OFBiz. This issue affects Apache OFBiz: before 18.12.16. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 18.12.16, which fixes the issue.
Example DAG: example_inlet_event_extra.py shipped with Apache Airflow version 2.10.0 has a vulnerability that allows an authenticated attacker with only DAG trigger permission to execute arbitrary commands. If you used that example as the base of your DAGs - please review if you have not copied the dangerous example; see https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/41873 for more information. We recommend against exposing the example DAGs in your deployment. If you must expose the example DAGs, upgrade Airflow to version 2.10.1 or later.
Apache NiFi 1.10.0 through 1.27.0 and 2.0.0-M1 through 2.0.0-M3 support a description field for Parameters in a Parameter Context configuration that is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. An authenticated user, authorized to configure a Parameter Context, can enter arbitrary JavaScript code, which the client browser will execute within the session context of the authenticated user. Upgrading to Apache NiFi 1.28.0 or 2.0.0-M4 is the recommended mitigation.
The logout operation in the CloudStack web interface does not expire the user session completely which is valid until expiry by time or restart of the backend service. An attacker that has access to a user's browser can use an unexpired session to gain access to resources owned by the logged out user account. This issue affects Apache CloudStack from 4.15.1.0 through 4.18.2.3; and from 4.19.0.0 through 4.19.1.1. Users are recommended to upgrade to Apache CloudStack 4.18.2.4 or 4.19.1.2, or later, which addresses this issue.
The CloudStack Quota feature allows cloud administrators to implement a quota or usage limit system for cloud resources, and is disabled by default. In environments where the feature is enabled, due to missing access check enforcements, non-administrative CloudStack user accounts are able to access and modify quota-related configurations and data. This issue affects Apache CloudStack from 4.7.0 through 4.18.2.3; and from 4.19.0.0 through 4.19.1.1, where the Quota feature is enabled. Users are recommended to upgrade to Apache CloudStack 4.18.2.4 or 4.19.1.2, or later, which addresses this issue. Alternatively, users that do not use the Quota feature are advised to disabled the plugin by setting the global setting "quota.enable.service" to "false".
Padding Oracle vulnerability in Apache Druid extension, druid-pac4j. This could allow an attacker to manipulate a pac4j session cookie. This issue affects Apache Druid versions 0.18.0 through 30.0.0. Since the druid-pac4j extension is optional and disabled by default, Druid installations not using the druid-pac4j extension are not affected by this vulnerability. While we are not aware of a way to meaningfully exploit this flaw, we nevertheless recommend upgrading to version 30.0.1 or higher which fixes the issue and ensuring you have a strong druid.auth.pac4j.cookiePassphrase as a precaution.
Account users in Apache CloudStack by default are allowed to upload and register templates for deploying instances and volumes for attaching them as data disks to their existing instances. Due to missing validation checks for KVM-compatible templates or volumes in CloudStack 4.0.0 through 4.18.2.3 and 4.19.0.0 through 4.19.1.1, an attacker that can upload or register templates and volumes, can use them to deploy malicious instances or attach uploaded volumes to their existing instances on KVM-based environments and exploit this to gain access to the host filesystems that could result in the compromise of resource integrity and confidentiality, data loss, denial of service, and availability of KVM-based infrastructure managed by CloudStack. Users are recommended to upgrade to Apache CloudStack 4.18.2.4 or 4.19.1.2, or later, which addresses this issue. Additionally, all user-uploaded or registered KVM-compatible templates and volumes can be scanned and checked that they are flat files that should not be using any additional or unnecessary features. For example, operators can run this on their secondary storage(s) and inspect output. An empty output for the disk being validated means it has no references to the host filesystems; on the other hand, if the output for the disk being validated is not empty, it might indicate a compromised disk. for file in $(find /path/to/storage/ -type f -regex [a-f0-9\-]*.*); do echo "Retrieving file [$file] info. If the output is not empty, that might indicate a compromised disk; check it carefully."; qemu-img info -U $file | grep file: ; printf "\n\n"; done The command can also be run for the file-based primary storages; however, bear in mind that (i) volumes created from templates will have references for the templates at first and (ii) volumes can be consolidated while migrating, losing their references to the templates. Therefore, the command execution for the primary storages can show both false positives and false negatives. For checking the whole template/volume features of each disk, operators can run the following command: for file in $(find /path/to/storage/ -type f -regex [a-f0-9\-]*.*); do echo "Retrieving file [$file] info."; qemu-img info -U $file; printf "\n\n"; done
Insecure Default Initialization of Resource vulnerability in Apache Solr. New ConfigSets that are created via a Restore command, which copy a configSet from the backup and give it a new name, are created without setting the "trusted" metadata. ConfigSets that do not contain the flag are trusted implicitly if the metadata is missing, therefore this leads to "trusted" ConfigSets that may not have been created with an Authenticated request. "trusted" ConfigSets are able to load custom code into classloaders, therefore the flag is supposed to only be set when the request that uploads the ConfigSet is Authenticated &amp; Authorized. This issue affects Apache Solr: from 6.6.0 before 8.11.4, from 9.0.0 before 9.7.0. This issue does not affect Solr instances that are secured via Authentication/Authorization. Users are primarily recommended to use Authentication and Authorization when running Solr. However, upgrading to version 9.7.0, or 8.11.4 will mitigate this issue otherwise.
Improper Authentication vulnerability in Apache Solr. Solr instances using the PKIAuthenticationPlugin, which is enabled by default when Solr Authentication is used, are vulnerable to Authentication bypass. A fake ending at the end of any Solr API URL path, will allow requests to skip Authentication while maintaining the API contract with the original URL Path. This fake ending looks like an unprotected API path, however it is stripped off internally after authentication but before API routing. This issue affects Apache Solr: from 5.3.0 before 8.11.4, from 9.0.0 before 9.7.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 9.7.0, or 8.11.4, which fix the issue.
Direct Request ('Forced Browsing') vulnerability in Apache OFBiz. This issue affects Apache OFBiz: before 18.12.16. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 18.12.16, which fixes the issue.
Apache Airflow versions before 2.10.1 have a vulnerability that allows DAG authors to add local settings to the DAG folder and get it executed by the scheduler, where the scheduler is not supposed to execute code submitted by the DAG author. Users are advised to upgrade to version 2.10.1 or later, which has fixed the vulnerability.
Roxy-WI is a web interface for managing Haproxy, Nginx, Apache and Keepalived servers. An OS Command Injection vulnerability allows any authenticated user on the application to execute arbitrary code on the web application server via port scanning functionality. User-supplied input is used without validation when constructing and executing an OS command. User supplied JSON POST data is parsed and if "id" JSON key does not exist, JSON value supplied via "ip" JSON key is assigned to the "ip" variable. Later on, "ip" variable which can be controlled by the attacker is used when constructing the cmd and cmd1 strings without any extra validation. Then, server_mod.subprocess_execute function is called on both cmd1 and cmd2. When the definition of the server_mod.subprocess_execute() function is analyzed, it can be seen that subprocess.Popen() is called on the input parameter with shell=True which results in OS Command Injection. This issue has not yet been patched. Users are advised to contact the Roxy-WI to coordinate a fix.
Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability in Apache Lucene.Net.Replicator. This issue affects Apache Lucene.NET's Replicator library: from 4.8.0-beta00005 through 4.8.0-beta00016. An attacker that can intercept traffic between a replication client and server, or control the target replication node URL, can provide a specially-crafted JSON response that is deserialized as an attacker-provided exception type. This can result in remote code execution or other potential unauthorized access. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 4.8.0-beta00017, which fixes the issue.
Exposure of Remote Code Execution in Apache Dolphinscheduler. This issue affects Apache DolphinScheduler: before 3.2.2. We recommend users to upgrade Apache DolphinScheduler to version 3.2.2, which fixes the issue.
Insufficient Session Expiration vulnerability in Apache Airflow Providers FAB. This issue affects Apache Airflow Providers FAB: 1.2.1 (when used with Apache Airflow 2.9.3) and FAB 1.2.0 for all Airflow versions. The FAB provider prevented the user from logging out. * FAB provider 1.2.1 only affected Airflow 2.9.3 (earlier and later versions of Airflow are not affected) * FAB provider 1.2.0 affected all versions of Airflow. Users who run Apache Airflow 2.9.3 are recommended to upgrade to Apache Airflow Providers FAB version 1.2.2 which fixes the issue. Users who run Any Apache Airflow version and have FAB provider 1.2.0 are recommended to upgrade to Apache Airflow Providers FAB version 1.2.2 which fixes the issue. Also upgrading Apache Airflow to latest version available is recommended. Note: Early version of Airflow reference container images of Airflow 2.9.3 and constraint files contained FAB provider 1.2.1 version, but this is fixed in updated versions of the images. Users are advised to pull the latest Airflow images or reinstall FAB provider according to the current constraints.
Hertzbeat is an open source, real-time monitoring system. Hertzbeat has an authenticated (user role) RCE via unsafe deserialization in /api/monitors/import. This vulnerability is fixed in 1.6.0.
SnakeYaml Deser Load Malicious xml rce vulnerability in Apache HertzBeat (incubating). This vulnerability can only be exploited by authorized attackers. This issue affects Apache HertzBeat (incubating): before 1.6.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.6.0, which fixes the issue.
In Apache CloudStack 4.19.1.0, a regression in the network listing API allows unauthorised list access of network details for domain admin and normal user accounts. This vulnerability compromises tenant isolation, potentially leading to unauthorised access to network details, configurations and data. Affected users are advised to upgrade to version 4.19.1.1 to address this issue. Users on older versions of CloudStack considering to upgrade, can skip 4.19.1.0 and upgrade directly to 4.19.1.1.
CloudStack account-users by default use username and password based authentication for API and UI access. Account-users can generate and register randomised API and secret keys and use them for the purpose of API-based automation and integrations. Due to an access permission validation issue that affects Apache CloudStack versions 4.10.0 up to 4.19.1.0, domain admin accounts were found to be able to query all registered account-users API and secret keys in an environment, including that of a root admin. An attacker who has domain admin access can exploit this to gain root admin and other-account privileges and perform malicious operations that can result in compromise of resources integrity and confidentiality, data loss, denial of service and availability of CloudStack managed infrastructure. Users are recommended to upgrade to Apache CloudStack 4.18.2.3 or 4.19.1.1, or later, which addresses this issue. Additionally, all account-user API and secret keys should be regenerated.
Apache Airflow, versions before 2.10.0, have a vulnerability that allows the developer of a malicious provider to execute a cross-site scripting attack when clicking on a provider documentation link. This would require the provider to be installed on the web server and the user to click the provider link. Users should upgrade to 2.10.0 or later, which fixes this vulnerability.
Like many other SSH implementations, Apache MINA SSHD suffered from the issue that is more widely known as CVE-2023-48795. An attacker that can intercept traffic between client and server could drop certain packets from the stream, potentially causing client and server to consequently end up with a connection for which some security features have been downgraded or disabled, aka a Terrapin attack The mitigations to prevent this type of attack were implemented in Apache MINA SSHD 2.12.0, both client and server side. Users are recommended to upgrade to at least this version. Note that both the client and the server implementation must have mitigations applied against this issue, otherwise the connection may still be affected.
Missing Release of Resource after Effective Lifetime vulnerability in Apache Answer. This issue affects Apache Answer: through 1.3.5. User sends multiple password reset emails, each containing a valid link. Within the link's validity period, this could potentially lead to the link being misused or hijacked. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.3.6, which fixes the issue.
Missing Release of Resource after Effective Lifetime vulnerability in Apache Answer. This issue affects Apache Answer: through 1.3.5. The password reset link remains valid within its expiration period even after it has been used. This could potentially lead to the link being misused or hijacked. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.3.6, which fixes the issue.
OpenProject is open source project management software. Prior to version 14.3.0, using a forged HOST header in the default configuration of packaged installations and using the "Login required" setting, an attacker could redirect to a remote host to initiate a phishing attack against an OpenProject user's account. This vulnerability affects default packaged installation of OpenProject without any additional configuration or modules on Apache (such as mod_security, manually setting a host name, having a fallthrough VirtualHost). It might also affect other installations that did not take care to fix the HOST/X-Forwarded-Host headers. Version 14.3.0 includes stronger protections for the hostname from within the application using the HostAuthorization middleware of Rails to reject any requests with a host name that does not match the configured one. Also, all generated links by the application are now ensured to use the built-in hostname. Users who aren't able to upgrade immediately may use mod_security for Apache2 or manually fix the Host and X-Forwarded-Host headers in their proxying application before reaching the application server of OpenProject. Alternatively, they can manually apply the patch to opt-in to host header protections in previous versions of OpenProject.
Exposure of temporary credentials in logs in Apache Arrow Rust Object Store (`object_store` crate), version 0.10.1 and earlier on all platforms using AWS WebIdentityTokens. On certain error conditions, the logs may contain the OIDC token passed to AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity.html . This allows someone with access to the logs to impersonate that identity, including performing their own calls to AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity, until the OIDC token expires. Typically OIDC tokens are valid for up to an hour, although this will vary depending on the issuer. Users are recommended to use a different AWS authentication mechanism, disable logging or upgrade to version 0.10.2, which fixes this issue. Details: When using AWS WebIdentityTokens with the object_store crate, in the event of a failure and automatic retry, the underlying reqwest error, including the full URL with the credentials, potentially in the parameters, is written to the logs. Thanks to Paul Hatcherian for reporting this vulnerability
In versions of Apache CXF before 3.6.4 and 4.0.5 (3.5.x and lower versions are not impacted), a CXF HTTP client conduit may prevent HTTPClient instances from being garbage collected and it is possible that memory consumption will continue to increase, eventually causing the application to run out of memory
The CloudStack SAML authentication (disabled by default) does not enforce signature check. In CloudStack environments where SAML authentication is enabled, an attacker that initiates CloudStack SAML single sign-on authentication can bypass SAML authentication by submitting a spoofed SAML response with no signature and known or guessed username and other user details of a SAML-enabled CloudStack user-account. In such environments, this can result in a complete compromise of the resources owned and/or accessible by a SAML enabled user-account. Affected users are recommended to disable the SAML authentication plugin by setting the "saml2.enabled" global setting to "false", or upgrade to version 4.18.2.2, 4.19.1.0 or later, which addresses this issue.
SSRF in Apache HTTP Server on Windows with mod_rewrite in server/vhost context, allows to potentially leak NTML hashes to a malicious server via SSRF and malicious requests. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.4.62 which fixes this issue.
Inadequate Encryption Strength vulnerability in Apache Answer. This issue affects Apache Answer: through 1.3.5. Using the MD5 value of a user's email to access Gravatar is insecure and can lead to the leakage of user email. The official recommendation is to use SHA256 instead. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.4.0, which fixes the issue.
A partial fix for CVE-2024-39884 in the core of Apache HTTP Server 2.4.61 ignores some use of the legacy content-type based configuration of handlers. "AddType" and similar configuration, under some circumstances where files are requested indirectly, result in source code disclosure of local content. For example, PHP scripts may be served instead of interpreted. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.4.62, which fixes this issue.
In Apache Linkis &lt;= 1.5.0, a Random string security vulnerability in Spark EngineConn, random string generated by the Token when starting Py4j uses the Commons Lang's RandomStringUtils. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.6.0, which fixes this issue.
An SQL Injection vulnerability in Apache Superset exists due to improper neutralization of special elements used in SQL commands. Specifically, certain engine-specific functions are not checked, which allows attackers to bypass Apache Superset's SQL authorization. To mitigate this, a new configuration key named DISALLOWED_SQL_FUNCTIONS has been introduced. This key disallows the use of the following PostgreSQL functions: version, query_to_xml, inet_server_addr, and inet_client_addr. Additional functions can be added to this list for increased protection. This issue affects Apache Superset: before 4.0.2. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 4.0.2, which fixes the issue.
A regression in the core of Apache HTTP Server 2.4.60 ignores some use of the legacy content-type based configuration of handlers. "AddType" and similar configuration, under some circumstances where files are requested indirectly, result in source code disclosure of local content. For example, PHP scripts may be served instead of interpreted. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.4.61, which fixes this issue.
Apache Airflow 2.4.0, and versions before 2.9.3, has a vulnerability that allows authenticated DAG authors to craft a doc_md parameter in a way that could execute arbitrary code in the scheduler context, which should be forbidden according to the Airflow Security model. Users should upgrade to version 2.9.3 or later which has removed the vulnerability.
The CloudStack integration API service allows running its unauthenticated API server (usually on port 8096 when configured and enabled via integration.api.port global setting) for internal portal integrations and for testing purposes. By default, the integration API service port is disabled and is considered disabled when integration.api.port is set to 0 or negative. Due to an improper initialisation logic, the integration API service would listen on a random port when its port value is set to 0 (default value). An attacker that can access the CloudStack management network could scan and find the randomised integration API service port and exploit it to perform unauthorised administrative actions and perform remote code execution on CloudStack managed hosts and result in complete compromise of the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of CloudStack managed infrastructure. Users are recommended to restrict the network access on the CloudStack management server hosts to only essential ports. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 4.18.2.1, 4.19.0.2 or later, which addresses this issue.
Apache Airflow versions before 2.9.3 have a vulnerability that allows an authenticated attacker to inject a malicious link when installing a provider. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.9.3, which fixes this issue.
Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor vulnerability in Apache Pinot. This issue affects Apache Pinot: from 0.1 before 1.0.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.0.0 and configure RBAC, which fixes the issue. Details: When using a request to path &amp;#8220;/appconfigs&amp;#8221; to the controller, it can lead to the disclosure of sensitive information such as system information (e.g. arch, os version), environment information (e.g. maxHeapSize) and Pinot configurations (e.g. zookeeper path). This issue was addressed by the Role-based Access Control https://docs.pinot.apache.org/operators/tutorials/authentication/basic-auth-access-control , so that /appConfigs` and all other APIs can be access controlled. Only authorized users have access to it. Note the user needs to add the admin role accordingly to the RBAC guide to control access to this endpoint, and in the future version of Pinot, a default admin role is planned to be added.
Potential SSRF in mod_rewrite in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.59 and earlier allows an attacker to cause unsafe RewriteRules to unexpectedly setup URL's to be handled by mod_proxy. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.4.60, which fixes this issue.
Incorrect Authorization vulnerability in Apache OFBiz. This issue affects Apache OFBiz: through 18.12.14. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 18.12.15, which fixes the issue. Unauthenticated endpoints could allow execution of screen rendering code of screens if some preconditions are met (such as when the screen definitions don't explicitly check user's permissions because they rely on the configuration of their endpoints).
null pointer dereference in mod_proxy in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.59 and earlier allows an attacker to crash the server via a malicious request. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.4.60, which fixes this issue.
Vulnerability in core of Apache HTTP Server 2.4.59 and earlier are vulnerably to information disclosure, SSRF or local script execution via backend applications whose response headers are malicious or exploitable. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.4.60, which fixes this issue.
Improper escaping of output in mod_rewrite in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.59 and earlier allows an attacker to map URLs to filesystem locations that are permitted to be served by the server but are not intentionally/directly reachable by any URL, resulting in code execution or source code disclosure. Substitutions in server context that use a backreferences or variables as the first segment of the substitution are affected. Some unsafe RewiteRules will be broken by this change and the rewrite flag "UnsafePrefixStat" can be used to opt back in once ensuring the substitution is appropriately constrained.
Substitution encoding issue in mod_rewrite in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.59 and earlier allows attacker to execute scripts in directories permitted by the configuration but not directly reachable by any URL or source disclosure of scripts meant to only to be executed as CGI. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.4.60, which fixes this issue. Some RewriteRules that capture and substitute unsafely will now fail unless rewrite flag "UnsafeAllow3F" is specified.
Encoding problem in mod_proxy in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.59 and earlier allows request URLs with incorrect encoding to be sent to backend services, potentially bypassing authentication via crafted requests. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.4.60, which fixes this issue.
SSRF in Apache HTTP Server on Windows allows to potentially leak NTML hashes to a malicious server via SSRF and malicious requests or content Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.4.60 which fixes this issue. Note: Existing configurations that access UNC paths will have to configure new directive "UNCList" to allow access during request processing.
Apache Allura's neighborhood settings are vulnerable to a stored XSS attack. Only neighborhood admins can access these settings, so the scope of risk is limited to configurations where neighborhood admins are not fully trusted. This issue affects Apache Allura: from 1.4.0 through 1.17.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.17.1, which fixes the issue.
The CloudStack cluster service runs on unauthenticated port (default 9090) that can be misused to run arbitrary commands on targeted hypervisors and CloudStack management server hosts. Some of these commands were found to have command injection vulnerabilities that can result in arbitrary code execution via agents on the hosts that may run as a privileged user. An attacker that can reach the cluster service on the unauthenticated port (default 9090), can exploit this to perform remote code execution on CloudStack managed hosts and result in complete compromise of the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of CloudStack managed infrastructure. Users are recommended to restrict the network access to the cluster service port (default 9090) on a CloudStack management server host to only its peer CloudStack management server hosts. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 4.18.2.1, 4.19.0.2 or later, which addresses this issue.
An improper access control vulnerability in the Azure Managed Instance for Apache Cassandra allows an authenticated attacker to elevate privileges over a network.
WoodWing Elvis DAM v6.98.1 was discovered to contain an authenticated remote command execution (RCE) vulnerability via the Apache Ant script functionality.
Apache NiFi 1.10.0 through 1.26.0 and 2.0.0-M1 through 2.0.0-M3 support a description field in the Parameter Context configuration that is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. An authenticated user, authorized to configure a Parameter Context, can enter arbitrary JavaScript code, which the client browser will execute within the session context of the authenticated user. Upgrading to Apache NiFi 1.27.0 or 2.0.0-M4 is the recommended mitigation.
The default configuration of XSLTResourceStream.java is vulnerable to remote code execution via XSLT injection when processing input from an untrusted source without validation. Users are recommended to upgrade to versions 10.1.0, 9.18.0 or 8.16.0, which fix this issue.
Import functionality is vulnerable to DNS rebinding attacks between verification and processing of the URL. Project administrators can run these imports, which could cause Allura to read from internal services and expose them. This issue affects Apache Allura from 1.0.1 through 1.16.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.17.0, which fixes the issue. If you are unable to upgrade, set "disable_entry_points.allura.importers = forge-tracker, forge-discussion" in your .ini config file.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) vulnerability in Apache IoTDB Workbench. This issue affects Apache IoTDB Workbench: from 0.13.0. As this project is retired, we do not plan to release a version that fixes this issue. Users are recommended to find an alternative or restrict access to the instance to trusted users. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
Improper Control of Generation of Code ('Code Injection') vulnerability in Apache InLong. This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.10.0 through 1.12.0, which could lead to Remote Code Execution. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.13.0 or cherry-pick [1] to solve it. [1] https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/10251
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Incorrect Authorization vulnerability in Apache Submarine Server Core. This issue affects Apache Submarine Server Core: from 0.8.0. As this project is retired, we do not plan to release a version that fixes this issue. Users are recommended to find an alternative or restrict access to the instance to trusted users. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Improper Authentication vulnerability in Apache Submarine Commons Utils. If the user doesn't explicitly set `submarine.auth.default.secret`, a default value will be used. This issue affects Apache Submarine Commons Utils: from 0.8.0. As this project is retired, we do not plan to release a version that fixes this issue. Users are recommended to find an alternative or restrict access to the instance to trusted users. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in an SQL Command ('SQL Injection') vulnerability in Apache Submarine Server Core. This issue affects Apache Submarine Server Core: all versions. As this project is retired, we do not plan to release a version that fixes this issue. Users are recommended to find an alternative or restrict access to the instance to trusted users. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
Improper Limitation of a Pathname to a Restricted Directory ('Path Traversal') vulnerability in Apache OFBiz. This issue affects Apache OFBiz: before 18.12.14. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 18.12.14, which fixes the issue.
Invalid Accept-Encoding header can cause Apache Traffic Server to fail cache lookup and force forwarding requests. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server: from 8.0.0 through 8.1.10, from 9.0.0 through 9.2.4. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 8.1.11 or 9.2.5, which fixes the issue.
Apache Traffic Server forwards malformed HTTP chunked trailer section to origin servers. This can be utilized for request smuggling and may also lead cache poisoning if the origin servers are vulnerable. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server: from 8.0.0 through 8.1.10, from 9.0.0 through 9.2.4. Users can set a new setting (proxy.config.http.drop_chunked_trailers) not to forward chunked trailer section. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 8.1.11 or 9.2.5, which fixes the issue.
Improper Handling of Exceptional Conditions, Uncontrolled Resource Consumption vulnerability in Apache Tomcat. When processing an HTTP/2 stream, Tomcat did not handle some cases of excessive HTTP headers correctly. This led to a miscounting of active HTTP/2 streams which in turn led to the use of an incorrect infinite timeout which allowed connections to remain open which should have been closed. This issue affects Apache Tomcat: from 11.0.0-M1 through 11.0.0-M20, from 10.1.0-M1 through 10.1.24, from 9.0.0-M1 through 9.0.89. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 11.0.0-M21, 10.1.25 or 9.0.90, which fixes the issue.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Superset, allows for an authenticated attacker to create a MariaDB connection with local_infile enabled. If both the MariaDB server (off by default) and the local mysql client on the web server are set to allow for local infile, it's possible for the attacker to execute a specific MySQL/MariaDB SQL command that is able to read files from the server and insert their content on a MariaDB database table.This issue affects Apache Superset: before 3.1.3 and version 4.0.0 Users are recommended to upgrade to version 4.0.1 or 3.1.3, which fixes the issue.
** DISPUTED ** Apache XML Security for C++ through 2.0.4 implements the XML Signature Syntax and Processing (XMLDsig) specification without protection against an SSRF payload in a KeyInfo element. NOTE: the project disputes this CVE Record on the grounds that any vulnerabilities are the result of a failure to configure XML Security for C++ securely. Even when avoiding this particular issue, any use of this library would need considerable additional code and a deep understanding of the standards and protocols involved to arrive at a secure implementation for any particular use case. We recommend against continued direct use of this library.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Karaf Cave.This issue affects all versions of Apache Karaf Cave. As this project is retired, we do not plan to release a version that fixes this issue. Users are recommended to find an alternative or restrict access to the instance to trusted users.NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
A vulnerability has been identified in Polarion ALM (All versions &lt; V2404.0). The Apache Lucene based query engine in the affected application lacks proper access controls. This could allow an authenticated user to query items beyond the user's allowed projects.
Ant Media Server is live streaming engine software. A local privilege escalation vulnerability in present in versions 2.6.0 through 2.8.2 allows any unprivileged operating system user account to escalate privileges to the root user account on the system. This vulnerability arises from Ant Media Server running with Java Management Extensions (JMX) enabled and authentication disabled on localhost on port 5599/TCP. This vulnerability is nearly identical to the local privilege escalation vulnerability CVE-2023-26269 identified in Apache James. Any unprivileged operating system user can connect to the JMX service running on port 5599/TCP on localhost and leverage the MLet Bean within JMX to load a remote MBean from an attacker-controlled server. This allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code within the Java process run by Ant Media Server and execute code within the context of the `antmedia` service account on the system. Version 2.9.0 contains a patch for the issue. As a workaround, one may remove certain parameters from the `antmedia.service` file.
Inconsistent Interpretation of HTTP Requests ('HTTP Request Smuggling') vulnerability in Apache APISIX when using `forward-auth` plugin.This issue affects Apache APISIX: from 3.8.0, 3.9.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.8.1, 3.9.1 or higher, which fixes the issue.
In Apache ActiveMQ 6.x, the default configuration doesn't secure the API web context (where the Jolokia JMX REST API and the Message REST API are located). It means that anyone can use these layers without any required authentication. Potentially, anyone can interact with the broker (using Jolokia JMX REST API) and/or produce/consume messages or purge/delete destinations (using the Message REST API). To mitigate, users can update the default conf/jetty.xml configuration file to add authentication requirement: &lt;bean id="securityConstraintMapping" class="org.eclipse.jetty.security.ConstraintMapping"&gt; &lt;property name="constraint" ref="securityConstraint" /&gt; &lt;property name="pathSpec" value="/" /&gt; &lt;/bean&gt; Or we encourage users to upgrade to Apache ActiveMQ 6.1.2 where the default configuration has been updated with authentication by default.
Improper Limitation of a Pathname to a Restricted Directory ('Path Traversal') vulnerability in Apache OFBiz.This issue affects Apache OFBiz: before 18.12.13. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 18.12.13, which fixes the issue.
Apache Airflow version 2.9.0 has a vulnerability that allows an authenticated attacker to inject malicious data into the task instance logs. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.9.1, which fixes this issue.
Kafka UI is an Open-Source Web UI for Apache Kafka Management. Kafka UI API allows users to connect to different Kafka brokers by specifying their network address and port. As a separate feature, it also provides the ability to monitor the performance of Kafka brokers by connecting to their JMX ports. JMX is based on the RMI protocol, so it is inherently susceptible to deserialization attacks. A potential attacker can exploit this feature by connecting Kafka UI backend to its own malicious broker. This vulnerability affects the deployments where one of the following occurs: 1. dynamic.config.enabled property is set in settings. It's not enabled by default, but it's suggested to be enabled in many tutorials for Kafka UI, including its own README.md. OR 2. an attacker has access to the Kafka cluster that is being connected to Kafka UI. In this scenario the attacker can exploit this vulnerability to expand their access and execute code on Kafka UI as well. Instead of setting up a legitimate JMX port, an attacker can create an RMI listener that returns a malicious serialized object for any RMI call. In the worst case it could lead to remote code execution as Kafka UI has the required gadget chains in its classpath. This issue may lead to post-auth remote code execution. This is particularly dangerous as Kafka-UI does not have authentication enabled by default. This issue has been addressed in version 0.7.2. All users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability. These issues were discovered and reported by the GitHub Security lab and is also tracked as GHSL-2023-230.
An improper input validation of the p2c parameter in the Apache CXF JOSE code before 4.0.5, 3.6.4 and 3.5.9 allows an attacker to perform a denial of service attack by specifying a large value for this parameter in a token.
Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) vulnerability in Apache StreamPipes during installation process of pipeline elements. Previously, StreamPipes allowed users to configure custom endpoints from which to install additional pipeline elements. These endpoints were not properly validated, allowing an attacker to get StreamPipes to send an HTTP GET request to an arbitrary address. This issue affects Apache StreamPipes: through 0.93.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 0.95.0, which fixes the issue.
Airflow versions 2.7.0 through 2.8.4 have a vulnerability that allows an authenticated user to see sensitive provider configuration via the "configuration" UI page when "non-sensitive-only" was set as "webserver.expose_config" configuration (The celery provider is the only community provider currently that has sensitive configurations). You should migrate to Airflow 2.9 or change your "expose_config" configuration to False as a workaround. This is similar, but different to CVE-2023-46288 https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-9qqg-mh7c-chfq which concerned API, not UI configuration page.
Improper Encoding or Escaping of Output vulnerability in Apache Zeppelin. The attackers can modify helium.json and exposure XSS attacks to normal users. This issue affects Apache Zeppelin: from 0.8.2 before 0.11.1. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 0.11.1, which fixes the issue.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Zeppelin. The attackers can execute malicious queries by setting improper configuration properties to LDAP search filter. This issue affects Apache Zeppelin: from 0.8.2 before 0.11.1. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 0.11.1, which fixes the issue.
Improper Encoding or Escaping of Output vulnerability in Apache Zeppelin. The attackers can execute shell scripts or malicious code by overriding configuration like ZEPPELIN_INTP_CLASSPATH_OVERRIDES. This issue affects Apache Zeppelin: from 0.8.2 before 0.11.1. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 0.11.1, which fixes the issue.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Zeppelin. The attackers can call updating cron API with invalid or improper privileges so that the notebook can run with the privileges. This issue affects Apache Zeppelin: from 0.8.2 before 0.11.1. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 0.11.1, which fixes the issue.
Improper Control of Generation of Code ('Code Injection') vulnerability in Apache Zeppelin. The attacker can inject sensitive configuration or malicious code when connecting MySQL database via JDBC driver. This issue affects Apache Zeppelin: before 0.11.1. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 0.11.1, which fixes the issue.
Authentication Bypass by Spoofing vulnerability by replacing to exsiting notes in Apache Zeppelin.This issue affects Apache Zeppelin: from 0.10.1 before 0.11.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 0.11.0, which fixes the issue.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Zeppelin when creating a new note from Zeppelin's UI.This issue affects Apache Zeppelin: from 0.10.1 before 0.11.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 0.11.0, which fixes the issue.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Zeppelin. By adding relative path indicators(E.g ..), attackers can see the contents for any files in the filesystem that the server account can access. This issue affects Apache Zeppelin: from 0.9.0 before 0.11.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 0.11.0, which fixes the issue.
Unrestricted Upload of File with dangerous type vulnerability in Apache StreamPipes. Such a dangerous type might be an executable file that may lead to a remote code execution (RCE). The unrestricted upload is only possible for authenticated and authorized users. This issue affects Apache StreamPipes: through 0.93.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 0.95.0, which fixes the issue.
Insertion of Sensitive Information into Log File vulnerability in the Apache Solr Operator. This issue affects all versions of the Apache Solr Operator from 0.3.0 through 0.8.0. When asked to bootstrap Solr security, the operator will enable basic authentication and create several accounts for accessing Solr: including the "solr" and "admin" accounts for use by end-users, and a "k8s-oper" account which the operator uses for its own requests to Solr. One common source of these operator requests is healthchecks: liveness, readiness, and startup probes are all used to determine Solr's health and ability to receive traffic. By default, the operator configures the Solr APIs used for these probes to be exempt from authentication, but users may specifically request that authentication be required on probe endpoints as well. Whenever one of these probes would fail, if authentication was in use, the Solr Operator would create a Kubernetes "event" containing the username and password of the "k8s-oper" account. Within the affected version range, this vulnerability affects any solrcloud resource which (1) bootstrapped security through use of the `.solrOptions.security.authenticationType=basic` option, and (2) required authentication be used on probes by setting `.solrOptions.security.probesRequireAuth=true`. Users are recommended to upgrade to Solr Operator version 0.8.1, which fixes this issue by ensuring that probes no longer print the credentials used for Solr requests. Users may also mitigate the vulnerability by disabling authentication on their healthcheck probes using the setting `.solrOptions.security.probesRequireAuth=false`.
HTTP/2 CONTINUATION DoS attack can cause Apache Traffic Server to consume more resources on the server. Version from 8.0.0 through 8.1.9, from 9.0.0 through 9.2.3 are affected. Users can set a new setting (proxy.config.http2.max_continuation_frames_per_minute) to limit the number of CONTINUATION frames per minute. ATS does have a fixed amount of memory a request can use and ATS adheres to these limits in previous releases. Users are recommended to upgrade to versions 8.1.10 or 9.2.4 which fixes the issue.
Time-of-check Time-of-use (TOCTOU) Race Condition vulnerability in Apache StreamPipes in user self-registration. This allows an attacker to potentially request the creation of multiple accounts with the same email address until the email address is registered, creating many identical users and corrupting StreamPipe's user management. This issue affects Apache StreamPipes: through 0.93.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 0.95.0, which fixes the issue.
File read and write vulnerability in Apache DolphinScheduler , authenticated users can illegally access additional resource files. This issue affects Apache DolphinScheduler: from 3.1.0 before 3.2.2. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.2.2, which fixes the issue.
Use of Cryptographically Weak Pseudo-Random Number Generator (PRNG) vulnerability in Apache StreamPipes user self-registration and password recovery mechanism. This allows an attacker to guess the recovery token in a reasonable time and thereby to take over the attacked user's account. This issue affects Apache StreamPipes: from 0.69.0 through 0.93.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 0.95.0, which fixes the issue.
This vulnerability allows authenticated users with produce or consume permissions to perform unauthorized operations on partitioned topics, such as unloading topics and triggering compaction. These management operations should be restricted to users with the tenant admin role or superuser role. An authenticated user with produce permission can create subscriptions and update subscription properties on partitioned topics, even though this should be limited to users with consume permissions. This impact analysis assumes that Pulsar has been configured with the default authorization provider. For custom authorization providers, the impact could be slightly different. Additionally, the vulnerability allows an authenticated user to read, create, modify, and delete namespace properties in any namespace in any tenant. In Pulsar, namespace properties are reserved for user provided metadata about the namespace. This issue affects Apache Pulsar versions from 2.7.1 to 2.10.6, from 2.11.0 to 2.11.4, from 3.0.0 to 3.0.3, from 3.1.0 to 3.1.3, and from 3.2.0 to 3.2.1. 3.0 Apache Pulsar users should upgrade to at least 3.0.4. 3.1 and 3.2 Apache Pulsar users should upgrade to at least 3.2.2. Users operating versions prior to those listed above should upgrade to the aforementioned patched versions or newer versions.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache DolphinScheduler. An authenticated user can cause arbitrary, unsandboxed javascript to be executed on the server. If you are using the switch task plugin, please upgrade to version 3.2.2.
In streampark, the project module integrates Maven's compilation capabilities. The input parameter validation is not strict, allowing attackers to insert commands for remote command execution, The prerequisite for a successful attack is that the user needs to log in to the streampark system and have system-level permissions. Generally, only users of that system have the authorization to log in, and users would not manually input a dangerous operation command. Therefore, the risk level of this vulnerability is very low. Mitigation: all users should upgrade to 2.1.4 Background info: Log in to Streampark using the default username (e.g. test1, test2, test3) and the default password (streampark). Navigate to the Project module, then add a new project. Enter the git repository address of the project and input `touch /tmp/success_2.1.2` as the "Build Argument". Note that there is no verification and interception of the special character "`". As a result, you will find that this injection command will be successfully executed after executing the build. In the latest version, the special symbol ` is intercepted.
A SSRF vulnerability in WADL service description in versions of Apache CXF before 4.0.5, 3.6.4 and 3.5.9 allows an attacker to perform SSRF style attacks on REST webservices. The attack only applies if a custom stylesheet parameter is configured.
Improper Preservation of Permissions vulnerability in Apache Airflow.This issue affects Apache Airflow from 2.8.2 through 2.8.3. Airflow's local file task handler in Airflow incorrectly set permissions for all parent folders of log folder, in default configuration adding write access to Unix group of the folders. In the case Airflow is run with the root user (not recommended) it added group write permission to all folders up to the root of the filesystem. If your log files are stored in the home directory, these permission changes might impact your ability to run SSH operations after your home directory becomes group-writeable. This issue does not affect users who use or extend Airflow using Official Airflow Docker reference images ( https://hub.docker.com/r/apache/airflow/ ) - those images require to have group write permission set anyway. You are affected only if you install Airflow using local installation / virtualenv or other Docker images, but the issue has no impact if docker containers are used as intended, i.e. where Airflow components do not share containers with other applications and users. Also you should not be affected if your umask is 002 (group write enabled) - this is the default on many linux systems. Recommendation for users using Airflow outside of the containers: * if you are using root to run Airflow, change your Airflow user to use non-root * upgrade Apache Airflow to 2.8.4 or above * If you prefer not to upgrade, you can change the https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#file-task-handler-new-folder-permissions to 0o755 (original value 0o775). * if you already ran Airflow tasks before and your default umask is 022 (group write disabled) you should stop Airflow components, check permissions of AIRFLOW_HOME/logs in all your components and all parent directories of this directory and remove group write access for all the parent directories
Improper Certificate Validation vulnerability in Apache Airflow FTP Provider. The FTP hook lacks complete certificate validation in FTP_TLS connections, which can potentially be leveraged. Implementing proper certificate validation by passing context=ssl.create_default_context() during FTP_TLS instantiation is used as mitigation to validate the certificates properly. This issue affects Apache Airflow FTP Provider: before 3.7.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.7.0, which fixes the issue.
Improper Neutralization of Input During Web Page Generation ('Cross-site Scripting') vulnerability in Apache Answer.This issue affects Apache Answer: before 1.3.0. XSS attack when user changes personal website. A logged-in user, when modifying their personal website, can input malicious code in the website to create such an attack. Users are recommended to upgrade to version [1.3.0], which fixes the issue.
On versions before 2.1.4, a user could log in and perform a template injection attack resulting in Remote Code Execution on the server, The attacker must successfully log into the system to launch an attack, so this is a moderate-impact vulnerability. Mitigation: all users should upgrade to 2.1.4
Out-of-bounds Write vulnerability in Apache Commons Configuration.This issue affects Apache Commons Configuration: from 2.0 before 2.10.1. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.10.1, which fixes the issue.
Out-of-bounds Write vulnerability in Apache Commons Configuration.This issue affects Apache Commons Configuration: from 2.0 before 2.10.1. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.10.1, which fixes the issue.
In Streampark (version &lt; 2.1.4), when a user logged in successfully, the Backend service would return "Authorization" as the front-end authentication credential. User can use this credential to request other users' information, including the administrator's username, password, salt value, etc. Mitigation: all users should upgrade to 2.1.4
A SSRF vulnerability using the Aegis DataBinding in versions of Apache CXF before 4.0.4, 3.6.3 and 3.5.8 allows an attacker to perform SSRF style attacks on webservices that take at least one parameter of any type. Users of other data bindings (including the default databinding) are not impacted.
Apache Airflow, versions 2.8.0 through 2.8.2, has a vulnerability that allows an authenticated user with limited permissions to access resources such as variables, connections, etc from the UI which they do not have permission to access. Users of Apache Airflow are recommended to upgrade to version 2.8.3 or newer to mitigate the risk associated with this vulnerability
Improper Restriction of XML External Entity Reference ('XXE') vulnerability in Apache XML Graphics FOP. This issue affects Apache XML Graphics FOP: 2.9. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.10, which fixes the issue.
An authenticated user could potentially access metadata for a datasource they are not authorized to view by submitting a targeted REST API request.This issue affects Apache Superset: before 3.1.2. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.1.2 or above, which fixes the issue.
The vulnerability allows authenticated users with only produce or consume permissions to modify topic-level policies, such as retention, TTL, and offloading settings. These management operations should be restricted to users with the tenant admin role or super user role. This issue affects Apache Pulsar versions from 2.7.1 to 2.10.5, from 2.11.0 to 2.11.3, from 3.0.0 to 3.0.2, from 3.1.0 to 3.1.2, and 3.2.0. 2.10 Apache Pulsar users should upgrade to at least 2.10.6. 2.11 Apache Pulsar users should upgrade to at least 2.11.4. 3.0 Apache Pulsar users should upgrade to at least 3.0.3. 3.1 Apache Pulsar users should upgrade to at least 3.1.3. 3.2 Apache Pulsar users should upgrade to at least 3.2.1. Users operating versions prior to those listed above should upgrade to the aforementioned patched versions or newer versions.
Apache Airflow, versions before 2.8.2, has a vulnerability that allows authenticated users to view DAG code and import errors of DAGs they do not have permission to view through the API and the UI. Users of Apache Airflow are recommended to upgrade to version 2.8.2 or newer to mitigate the risk associated with this vulnerability
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor vulnerability in Apache Aurora. An endpoint exposing internals to unauthenticated users can be used as a "padding oracle" allowing an anonymous attacker to construct a valid authentication cookie. Potentially this could be combined with vulnerabilities in other components to achieve remote code execution. As this project is retired, we do not plan to release a version that fixes this issue. Users are recommended to find an alternative or restrict access to the instance to trusted users. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
The Pulsar Functions Worker includes a capability that permits authenticated users to create functions where the function's implementation is referenced by a URL. The supported URL schemes include "file", "http", and "https". When a function is created using this method, the Functions Worker will retrieve the implementation from the URL provided by the user. However, this feature introduces a vulnerability that can be exploited by an attacker to gain unauthorized access to any file that the Pulsar Functions Worker process has permissions to read. This includes reading the process environment which potentially includes sensitive information, such as secrets. Furthermore, an attacker could leverage this vulnerability to use the Pulsar Functions Worker as a proxy to access the content of remote HTTP and HTTPS endpoint URLs. This could also be used to carry out denial of service attacks. This vulnerability also applies to the Pulsar Broker when it is configured with "functionsWorkerEnabled=true". This issue affects Apache Pulsar versions from 2.4.0 to 2.10.5, from 2.11.0 to 2.11.3, from 3.0.0 to 3.0.2, from 3.1.0 to 3.1.2, and 3.2.0. 2.10 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 2.10.6. 2.11 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 2.11.4. 3.0 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 3.0.3. 3.1 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 3.1.3. 3.2 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 3.2.1. Users operating versions prior to those listed above should upgrade to the aforementioned patched versions or newer versions. The updated versions of Pulsar Functions Worker will, by default, impose restrictions on the creation of functions using URLs. For users who rely on this functionality, the Function Worker configuration provides two configuration keys: "additionalEnabledConnectorUrlPatterns" and "additionalEnabledFunctionsUrlPatterns". These keys allow users to specify a set of URL patterns that are permitted, enabling the creation of functions using URLs that match the defined patterns. This approach ensures that the feature remains available to those who require it, while limiting the potential for unauthorized access and exploitation.
An error in the evaluation of the fetch metadata headers could allow a bypass of the CSRF protection in Apache Wicket. This issue affects Apache Wicket: from 9.1.0 through 9.16.0, and the milestone releases for the 10.0 series. Apache Wicket 8.x does not support CSRF protection via the fetch metadata headers and as such is not affected. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 9.17.0 or 10.0.0, which fixes the issue.
Download of Code Without Integrity Check vulnerability in Apache Doris. The jdbc driver files used for JDBC catalog is not checked and may resulting in remote command execution. Once the attacker is authorized to create a JDBC catalog, he/she can use arbitrary driver jar file with unchecked code snippet. This code snippet will be run when catalog is initializing without any check. This issue affects Apache Doris: from 1.2.0 through 2.0.4. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.0.5 or 2.1.x, which fixes the issue.
Authentication Bypass by Spoofing vulnerability in Apache HugeGraph-Server.This issue affects Apache HugeGraph-Server: from 1.0.0 before 1.3.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.3.0, which fixes the issue.
RCE-Remote Command Execution vulnerability in Apache HugeGraph-Server.This issue affects Apache HugeGraph-Server: from 1.0.0 before 1.3.0 in Java8 &amp; Java11 Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.3.0 with Java11 &amp; enable the Auth system, which fixes the issue.
Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) vulnerability in Apache HugeGraph-Hubble.This issue affects Apache HugeGraph-Hubble: from 1.0.0 before 1.3.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.3.0, which fixes the issue.
In Pulsar Functions Worker, authenticated users can upload functions in jar or nar files. These files, essentially zip files, are extracted by the Functions Worker. However, if a malicious file is uploaded, it could exploit a directory traversal vulnerability. This occurs when the filenames in the zip files, which aren't properly validated, contain special elements like "..", altering the directory path. This could allow an attacker to create or modify files outside of the designated extraction directory, potentially influencing system behavior. This vulnerability also applies to the Pulsar Broker when it is configured with "functionsWorkerEnabled=true". This issue affects Apache Pulsar versions from 2.4.0 to 2.10.5, from 2.11.0 to 2.11.3, from 3.0.0 to 3.0.2, from 3.1.0 to 3.1.2, and 3.2.0. 2.10 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 2.10.6. 2.11 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 2.11.4. 3.0 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 3.0.3. 3.1 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 3.1.3. 3.2 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 3.2.1. Users operating versions prior to those listed above should upgrade to the aforementioned patched versions or newer versions.
An authenticated user with privileges to create Alerts on Alerts &amp; Reports has the capability to generate a specially crafted SQL statement that triggers an error on the database. This error is not properly handled by Apache Superset and may inadvertently surface in the error log of the Alert exposing possibly sensitive data. This issue affects Apache Superset: before 3.0.4, from 3.1.0 before 3.1.1. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.1.1 or 3.0.4, which fixes the issue.
While an Apache Kafka cluster is being migrated from ZooKeeper mode to KRaft mode, in some cases ACLs will not be correctly enforced. Two preconditions are needed to trigger the bug: 1. The administrator decides to remove an ACL 2. The resource associated with the removed ACL continues to have two or more other ACLs associated with it after the removal. When those two preconditions are met, Kafka will treat the resource as if it had only one ACL associated with it after the removal, rather than the two or more that would be correct. The incorrect condition is cleared by removing all brokers in ZK mode, or by adding a new ACL to the affected resource. Once the migration is completed, there is no metadata loss (the ACLs all remain). The full impact depends on the ACLs in use. If only ALLOW ACLs were configured during the migration, the impact would be limited to availability impact. if DENY ACLs were configured, the impact could include confidentiality and integrity impact depending on the ACLs configured, as the DENY ACLs might be ignored due to this vulnerability during the migration period.
In Apache Linkis &lt;= 1.5.0, Arbitrary file deletion in Basic management services on A user with an administrator account could delete any file accessible by the Linkis system user . Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.6.0, which fixes this issue.
In Apache Linkis &lt;= 1.5.0, Privilege Escalation in Basic management services where the attacking user is a trusted account allows access to Linkis's Token information. Users are advised to upgrade to version 1.6.0, which fixes this issue.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Improper Neutralization of Input During Web Page Generation ('Cross-site Scripting') vulnerability in Apache Archiva. This issue affects Apache Archiva: from 2.0.0. As this project is retired, we do not plan to release a version that fixes this issue. Users are recommended to find an alternative or restrict access to the instance to trusted users. Alternatively, you could configure a HTTP proxy in front of your Archiva instance to only forward requests that do not have malicious characters in the URL. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Incorrect Authorization vulnerability in Apache Archiva: a vulnerability in Apache Archiva allows an unauthenticated attacker to modify account data, potentially leading to account takeover. This issue affects Apache Archiva: from 2.0.0. As this project is retired, we do not plan to release a version that fixes this issue. Users are recommended to find an alternative or restrict access to the instance to trusted users. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Incorrect Authorization vulnerability in Apache Archiva. Apache Archiva has a setting to disable user registration, however this restriction can be bypassed. As Apache Archiva has been retired, we do not expect to release a version of Apache Archiva that fixes this issue. You are recommended to look into migrating to a different solution, or isolate your instance from any untrusted users. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer
XSS in Upload page in Apache JSPWiki 2.12.1 and priors allows the attacker to execute javascript in the victim's browser and get some sensitive information about the victim. Apache JSPWiki users should upgrade to 2.12.2 or later.
Improper input validation in the Pulsar Function Worker allows a malicious authenticated user to execute arbitrary Java code on the Pulsar Function worker, outside of the sandboxes designated for running user-provided functions. This vulnerability also applies to the Pulsar Broker when it is configured with "functionsWorkerEnabled=true". This issue affects Apache Pulsar versions from 2.4.0 to 2.10.5, from 2.11.0 to 2.11.3, from 3.0.0 to 3.0.2, from 3.1.0 to 3.1.2, and 3.2.0. 2.10 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 2.10.6. 2.11 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 2.11.4. 3.0 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 3.0.3. 3.1 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 3.1.3. 3.2 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 3.2.1. Users operating versions prior to those listed above should upgrade to the aforementioned patched versions or newer versions.
Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability in Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.8.0 through 1.10.0, the attackers can use the specific payload to read from an arbitrary file. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.11.0 or cherry-pick [1] to solve it. [1] https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/9673
Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability in Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.7.0 through 1.11.0, the attackers can bypass using malicious parameters. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.12.0 or cherry-pick [1], [2] to solve it. [1] https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/9694 [2] https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/9707
Concurrent Execution using Shared Resource with Improper Synchronization ('Race Condition') vulnerability in Apache Answer.This issue affects Apache Answer: through 1.2.1. Repeated submission during registration resulted in the registration of the same user. When users register, if they rapidly submit multiple registrations using scripts, it can result in the creation of multiple user accounts simultaneously with the same name. Users are recommended to upgrade to version [1.2.5], which fixes the issue.
Allocation of Resources Without Limits or Throttling vulnerability in Apache Commons Compress.This issue affects Apache Commons Compress: from 1.21 before 1.26. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.26, which fixes the issue.
Possible race condition vulnerability in Apache Doris. Some of code using `chmod()` method. This method run the risk of someone renaming the file out from under user and chmodding the wrong file. This could theoretically happen, but the impact would be minimal. This issue affects Apache Doris: before 1.2.8, before 2.0.4. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.0.4, which fixes the issue.
Apache Airflow, versions before 2.8.2, has a vulnerability that allows authenticated Ops and Viewers users to view all information on audit logs, including dag names and usernames they were not permitted to view. With 2.8.2 and newer, Ops and Viewer users do not have audit log permission by default, they need to be explicitly granted permissions to see the logs. Only admin users have audit log permission by default. Users of Apache Airflow are recommended to upgrade to version 2.8.2 or newer to mitigate the risk associated with this vulnerability
A low privilege authenticated user could import an existing dashboard or chart that they do not have access to and then modify its metadata, thereby gaining ownership of the object. However, it's important to note that access to the analytical data of these charts and dashboards would still be subject to validation based on data access privileges. This issue affects Apache Superset: before 3.0.4, from 3.1.0 before 3.1.1.Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.1.1, which fixes the issue.
Loop with Unreachable Exit Condition ('Infinite Loop') vulnerability in Apache Commons Compress.This issue affects Apache Commons Compress: from 1.3 through 1.25.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.26.0 which fixes the issue.
Use of Web Browser Cache Containing Sensitive Information vulnerability in Apache Airflow. Airflow did not return "Cache-Control" header for dynamic content, which in case of some browsers could result in potentially storing sensitive data in local cache of the browser. This issue affects Apache Airflow: before 2.9.2. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.9.2, which fixes the issue.
When ssl was enabled for Mongo Hook, default settings included "allow_insecure" which caused that certificates were not validated. This was unexpected and undocumented. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 4.0.0, which fixes this issue.
Insufficient input validation and sanitation in Profile name &amp; screenname, Bookmark name &amp; description and blogroll name features in all versions of Apache Roller on all platforms allows an authenticated user to perform an XSS attack. Mitigation: if you do not have Roller configured for untrusted users, then you need to do nothing because you trust your users to author raw HTML and other web content. If you are running with untrusted users then you should upgrade to Roller 6.1.3. This issue affects Apache Roller: from 5.0.0 before 6.1.3. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 6.1.3, which fixes the issue.
Possible path traversal in Apache OFBiz allowing authentication bypass. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 18.12.12, that fixes the issue.
mod_auth_openidc is an OpenID Certified&amp;#8482; authentication and authorization module for the Apache 2.x HTTP server that implements the OpenID Connect Relying Party functionality. In affected versions missing input validation on mod_auth_openidc_session_chunks cookie value makes the server vulnerable to a denial of service (DoS) attack. An internal security audit has been conducted and the reviewers found that if they manipulated the value of the mod_auth_openidc_session_chunks cookie to a very large integer, like 99999999, the server struggles with the request for a long time and finally gets back with a 500 error. Making a few requests of this kind caused our server to become unresponsive. Attackers can craft requests that would make the server work very hard (and possibly become unresponsive) and/or crash with minimal effort. This issue has been addressed in version 2.4.15.2. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
HTTP Response splitting in multiple modules in Apache HTTP Server allows an attacker that can inject malicious response headers into backend applications to cause an HTTP desynchronization attack. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.4.59, which fixes this issue.
Apache Superset with custom roles that include `can write on dataset` and without all data access permissions, allows for users to create virtual datasets to data they don't have access to. These users could then use those virtual datasets to get access to unauthorized data. This issue affects Apache Superset: before 3.0.4, from 3.1.0 before 3.1.1. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.1.1 or 3.0.4, which fixes the issue.
Improper parsing of nested SQL statements on SQLLab would allow authenticated users to surpass their data authorization scope. This issue affects Apache Superset: before 3.0.4, from 3.1.0 before 3.1.1. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.1.1, which fixes the issue.
A guest user could exploit a chart data REST API and send arbitrary SQL statements that on error could leak information from the underlying analytics database.This issue affects Apache Superset: before 3.0.4, from 3.1.0 before 3.1.1. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.1.1 or 3.0.4, which fixes the issue.
GeoServer is an open source server that allows users to share and edit geospatial data. Prior to versions 2.23.5 and 2.24.3, if GeoServer is deployed in the Windows operating system using an Apache Tomcat web application server, it is possible to bypass existing input validation in the GeoWebCache ByteStreamController class and read arbitrary classpath resources with specific file name extensions. If GeoServer is also deployed as a web archive using the data directory embedded in the `geoserver.war` file (rather than an external data directory), it will likely be possible to read specific resources to gain administrator privileges. However, it is very unlikely that production environments will be using the embedded data directory since, depending on how GeoServer is deployed, it will be erased and re-installed (which would also reset to the default password) either every time the server restarts or every time a new GeoServer WAR is installed and is therefore difficult to maintain. An external data directory will always be used if GeoServer is running in standalone mode (via an installer or a binary). Versions 2.23.5 and 2.24.3 contain a patch for the issue. Some workarounds are available. One may change from a Windows environment to a Linux environment; or change from Apache Tomcat to Jetty application server. One may also disable anonymous access to the embeded GeoWebCache administration and status pages.
Loop with Unreachable Exit Condition ('Infinite Loop') vulnerability in Apache NimBLE. Specially crafted GATT operation can cause infinite loop in GATT server leading to denial of service in Bluetooth stack or device. This issue affects Apache NimBLE: through 1.6.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.7.0, which fixes the issue.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Hop Engine.This issue affects Apache Hop Engine: before 2.8.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.8.0, which fixes the issue. When Hop Server writes links to the PrepareExecutionPipelineServlet page one of the parameters provided to the user was not properly escaped. The variable not properly escaped is the "id", which is not directly accessible by users creating pipelines making the risk of exploiting this low. This issue only affects users using the Hop Server component and does not directly affect the client.
Denial of Service due to improper input validation vulnerability for HTTP/2 requests in Apache Tomcat. When processing an HTTP/2 request, if the request exceeded any of the configured limits for headers, the associated HTTP/2 stream was not reset until after all of the headers had been processed.This issue affects Apache Tomcat: from 11.0.0-M1 through 11.0.0-M16, from 10.1.0-M1 through 10.1.18, from 9.0.0-M1 through 9.0.85, from 8.5.0 through 8.5.98. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 11.0.0-M17, 10.1.19, 9.0.86 or 8.5.99 which fix the issue.
This is a duplicate for CVE-2023-46104. With correct CVE version ranges for affected Apache Superset. Uncontrolled resource consumption can be triggered by authenticated attacker that uploads a malicious ZIP to import database, dashboards or datasets. This vulnerability exists in Apache Superset versions up to and including 2.1.2 and versions 3.0.0, 3.0.1.
Possible path traversal in Apache OFBiz allowing file inclusion. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 18.12.12, that fixes the issue.
Information disclosure in persistent watchers handling in Apache ZooKeeper due to missing ACL check. It allows an attacker to monitor child znodes by attaching a persistent watcher (addWatch command) to a parent which the attacker has already access to. ZooKeeper server doesn't do ACL check when the persistent watcher is triggered and as a consequence, the full path of znodes that a watch event gets triggered upon is exposed to the owner of the watcher. It's important to note that only the path is exposed by this vulnerability, not the data of znode, but since znode path can contain sensitive information like user name or login ID, this issue is potentially critical. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.9.2, 3.8.4 which fixes the issue.
The Apache Xerces C++ XML parser on versions 3.0.0 before 3.2.5 contains a use-after-free error triggered during the scanning of external DTDs. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.2.5 which fixes the issue, or mitigate the issue by disabling DTD processing. This can be accomplished via the DOM using a standard parser feature, or via SAX using the XERCES_DISABLE_DTD environment variable. This issue has been disclosed before as CVE-2018-1311, but unfortunately that advisory incorrectly stated the issue would be fixed in version 3.2.3 or 3.2.4.
Malicious code execution via path traversal in Apache Software Foundation Apache Sling Servlets Resolver.This issue affects all version of Apache Sling Servlets Resolver before 2.11.0. However, whether a system is vulnerable to this attack depends on the exact configuration of the system. If the system is vulnerable, a user with write access to the repository might be able to trick the Sling Servlet Resolver to load a previously uploaded script. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.11.0, which fixes this issue. It is recommended to upgrade, regardless of whether your system configuration currently allows this attack or not.
Denial of Service via incomplete cleanup vulnerability in Apache Tomcat. It was possible for WebSocket clients to keep WebSocket connections open leading to increased resource consumption.This issue affects Apache Tomcat: from 11.0.0-M1 through 11.0.0-M16, from 10.1.0-M1 through 10.1.18, from 9.0.0-M1 through 9.0.85, from 8.5.0 through 8.5.98. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 11.0.0-M17, 10.1.19, 9.0.86 or 8.5.99 which fix the issue.
Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in an SQL Command ('SQL Injection') vulnerability in Apache Fineract.This issue affects Apache Fineract: &lt;1.8.5. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.8.5 or 1.9.0, which fix the issue.
Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in an SQL Command ('SQL Injection') vulnerability in Apache Fineract.This issue affects Apache Fineract: &lt;1.8.5. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.8.5 or 1.9.0, which fix the issue.
Improper Privilege Management vulnerability in Apache Fineract.This issue affects Apache Fineract: &lt;1.8.5. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.9.0, which fixes the issue.
Apache Hadoop&amp;#8217;s RunJar.run() does not set permissions for temporary directory by default. If sensitive data will be present in this file, all the other local users may be able to view the content. This is because, on unix-like systems, the system temporary directory is shared between all local users. As such, files written in this directory, without setting the correct posix permissions explicitly, may be viewable by all other local users.
Request smuggling vulnerability in HTTP server in Apache bRPC 0.9.5~1.7.0 on all platforms allows attacker to smuggle request. Vulnerability Cause Description&amp;#65306; The http_parser does not comply with the RFC-7230 HTTP 1.1 specification. Attack scenario: If a message is received with both a Transfer-Encoding and a Content-Length header field, such a message might indicate an attempt to perform request smuggling or response splitting. One particular attack scenario is that a bRPC made http server on the backend receiving requests in one persistent connection from frontend server that uses TE to parse request with the logic that 'chunk' is contained in the TE field. in that case an attacker can smuggle a request into the connection to the backend server. Solution: You can choose one solution from below: 1. Upgrade bRPC to version 1.8.0, which fixes this issue. Download link: https://github.com/apache/brpc/releases/tag/1.8.0 2. Apply this patch: https://github.com/apache/brpc/pull/2518
Improper Neutralization of Input During Web Page Generation ('Cross-site Scripting') vulnerability in Apache Answer.This issue affects Apache Answer: through 1.2.1. XSS attack when user enters summary. A logged-in user, when modifying their own submitted question, can input malicious code in the summary to create such an attack. Users are recommended to upgrade to version [1.2.5], which fixes the issue.
MyBB is a free and open source forum software. The backup management module of the Admin CP may accept `.htaccess` as the name of the backup file to be deleted, which may expose the stored backup files over HTTP on Apache servers. MyBB 1.8.38 resolves this issue. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability
For RocketMQ versions 5.2.0 and below, under certain conditions, there is a risk of exposure of sensitive Information to an unauthorized actor even if RocketMQ is enabled with authentication and authorization functions. An attacker, possessing regular user privileges or listed in the IP whitelist, could potentially acquire the administrator's account and password through specific interfaces. Such an action would grant them full control over RocketMQ, provided they have access to the broker IP address list. To mitigate these security threats, it is strongly advised that users upgrade to version 5.3.0 or newer. Additionally, we recommend users to use RocketMQ ACL 2.0 instead of the original RocketMQ ACL when upgrading to version Apache RocketMQ 5.3.0.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache DolphinScheduler. An authenticated user can cause arbitrary, unsandboxed javascript to be executed on the server. This issue is a legacy of CVE-2023-49299. We didn't fix it completely in CVE-2023-49299, and we added one more patch to fix it. This issue affects Apache DolphinScheduler: until 3.2.1. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.2.1, which fixes the issue.
Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability in Apache Camel CassandraQL Component AggregationRepository which is vulnerable to unsafe deserialization. Under specific conditions it is possible to deserialize malicious payload.This issue affects Apache Camel: from 3.0.0 before 3.21.4, from 3.22.0 before 3.22.1, from 4.0.0 before 4.0.4, from 4.1.0 before 4.4.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 4.4.0, which fixes the issue. If users are on the 4.0.x LTS releases stream, then they are suggested to upgrade to 4.0.4. If users are on 3.x, they are suggested to move to 3.21.4 or 3.22.1
Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability in Apache Seata. When developers disable authentication on the Seata-Server and do not use the Seata client SDK dependencies, they may construct uncontrolled serialized malicious requests by directly sending bytecode based on the Seata private protocol. This issue affects Apache Seata: 2.0.0, from 1.0.0 through 1.8.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.1.0/1.8.1, which fixes the issue.
Unrestricted Upload of File with Dangerous Type vulnerability in Apache Answer.This issue affects Apache Answer: through 1.2.1. Pixel Flood Attack by uploading large pixel files will cause server out of memory. A logged-in user can cause such an attack by uploading an image when posting content. Users are recommended to upgrade to version [1.2.5], which fixes the issue.
Exposure of sensitive data by by crafting a malicious EventFactory and providing a custom ExchangeCreatedEvent that exposes sensitive data. Vulnerability in Apache Camel.This issue affects Apache Camel: from 3.21.X through 3.21.3, from 3.22.X through 3.22.0, from 4.0.X through 4.0.3, from 4.X through 4.3.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.21.4, 3.22.1, 4.0.4 or 4.4.0, which fixes the issue.
Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability in Apache Camel SQL ComponentThis issue affects Apache Camel: from 3.0.0 before 3.21.4, from 3.22.0 before 3.22.1, from 4.0.0 before 4.0.4, from 4.1.0 before 4.4.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 4.4.0, which fixes the issue. If users are on the 4.0.x LTS releases stream, then they are suggested to upgrade to 4.0.4. If users are on 3.x, they are suggested to move to 3.21.4 or 3.22.1
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** The Apache Helix Front (UI) component contained a hard-coded secret, allowing an attacker to spoof sessions by generating their own fake cookies. This issue affects Apache Helix Front (UI): all versions. As this project is retired, we do not plan to release a version that fixes this issue. Users are recommended to find an alternative or restrict access to the instance to trusted users. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
Improper input validation allows for header injection in MIME4J library when using MIME4J DOM for composing message. This can be exploited by an attacker to add unintended headers to MIME messages.
Generation of Error Message Containing Sensitive Information vulnerability in Apache Tomcat.This issue affects Apache Tomcat: from 8.5.7 through 8.5.63, from 9.0.0-M11 through 9.0.43. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 8.5.64 onwards or 9.0.44 onwards, which contain a fix for the issue.
The Elementor Website Builder Pro plugin for WordPress is vulnerable to Stored Cross-Site Scripting via an SVGZ file uploaded via the Form widget in all versions up to, and including, 3.20.1 due to insufficient input sanitization and output escaping. This makes it possible for authenticated attackers, with contributor-level access and above, to inject arbitrary web scripts in pages that will execute whenever a user accesses an injected page. NOTE: This vulnerability is only exploitable on web servers running NGINX. It is not exploitable on web servers running Apache HTTP Server.
A flaw was found in the mod_proxy_cluster in the Apache server. This issue may allow a malicious user to add a script in the 'alias' parameter in the URL to trigger the stored cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability. By adding a script on the alias parameter on the URL, it adds a new virtual host and adds the script to the cluster-manager page.
When access to the "admin" folder is not protected by some external authorization mechanisms e.g. Apache Basic Auth, it is possible for any user to download protected information like exam answers.
A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in Xiamen Four-Faith Video Surveillance Management System 2016/2017. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component Apache Struts. The manipulation leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-246134 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
In streampark, the project module integrates Maven's compilation capabilities. The input parameter validation is not strict, allowing attackers to insert commands for remote command execution, The prerequisite for a successful attack is that the user needs to log in to the streampark system and have system-level permissions. Generally, only users of that system have the authorization to log in, and users would not manually input a dangerous operation command. Therefore, the risk level of this vulnerability is very low. Background: In the "Project" module, the maven build args &amp;#8220;&lt;&amp;#8221; operator causes command injection. e.g : &amp;#8220;&lt; (curl http://xxx.com )&amp;#8221; will be executed as a command injection, Mitigation: all users should upgrade to 2.1.4, The "&lt;" operator will blocked&amp;#12290;
Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability in Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.7.0 through 1.9.0, the attackers can make a arbitrary file read attack using mysql driver. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.10.0 or cherry-pick [1] to solve it. [1] https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/9331
Improper Control of Generation of Code ('Code Injection') vulnerability in Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.5.0 through 1.9.0, which could lead to Remote Code Execution. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.10.0 or cherry-pick [1] to solve it. [1] https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/9329
Arbitrary File Read Vulnerability in Apache Dolphinscheduler. This issue affects Apache DolphinScheduler: before 3.2.1. We recommend users to upgrade Apache DolphinScheduler to version 3.2.1, which fixes the issue.
Apache James prior to versions 3.8.1 and 3.7.5 is vulnerable to SMTP smuggling. A lenient behaviour in line delimiter handling might create a difference of interpretation between the sender and the receiver which can be exploited by an attacker to forge an SMTP envelop, allowing for instance to bypass SPF checks. The patch implies enforcement of CRLF as a line delimiter as part of the DATA transaction. We recommend James users to upgrade to non vulnerable versions.
Since version 5.2.0, when using deferrable mode with the path of a Kubernetes configuration file for authentication, the Airflow worker serializes this configuration file as a dictionary and sends it to the triggerer by storing it in metadata without any encryption. Additionally, if used with an Airflow version between 2.3.0 and 2.6.0, the configuration dictionary will be logged as plain text in the triggerer service without masking. This allows anyone with access to the metadata or triggerer log to obtain the configuration file and use it to access the Kubernetes cluster. This behavior was changed in version 7.0.0, which stopped serializing the file contents and started providing the file path instead to read the contents into the trigger. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 7.0.0, which fixes this issue.
Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability in Apache IoTDB.This issue affects Apache IoTDB: from 0.13.0 through 0.13.4. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.2.2, which fixes the issue.
Apache James prior to version 3.7.5 and 3.8.0 exposes a JMX endpoint on localhost subject to pre-authentication deserialisation of untrusted data. Given a deserialisation gadjet, this could be leveraged as part of an exploit chain that could result in privilege escalation. Note that by default JMX endpoint is only bound locally. We recommend users to: - Upgrade to a non-vulnerable Apache James version - Run Apache James isolated from other processes (docker - dedicated virtual machine) - If possible turn off JMX
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Axis allowed users with access to the admin service to perform possible SSRF This issue affects Apache Axis: through 1.3. As Axis 1 has been EOL we recommend you migrate to a different SOAP engine, such as Apache Axis 2/Java. Alternatively you could use a build of Axis with the patch from https://github.com/apache/axis-axis1-java/commit/685c309febc64aa393b2d64a05f90e7eb9f73e06 applied. The Apache Axis project does not expect to create an Axis 1.x release fixing this problem, though contributors that would like to work towards this are welcome.
Observable timing discrepancy vulnerability in Apache Pulsar SASL Authentication Provider can allow an attacker to forge a SASL Role Token that will pass signature verification. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.11.3, 3.0.2, or 3.1.1 which fixes the issue. Users should also consider updating the configured secret in the `saslJaasServerRoleTokenSignerSecretPath` file. Any component matching an above version running the SASL Authentication Provider is affected. That includes the Pulsar Broker, Proxy, Websocket Proxy, or Function Worker. 2.11 Pulsar users should upgrade to at least 2.11.3. 3.0 Pulsar users should upgrade to at least 3.0.2. 3.1 Pulsar users should upgrade to at least 3.1.1. Any users running Pulsar 2.8, 2.9, 2.10, and earlier should upgrade to one of the above patched versions. For additional details on this attack vector, please refer to https://codahale.com/a-lesson-in-timing-attacks/ .
Arbitrary file properties reading vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache OFBiz when user operates an uri call without authorizations. The same uri can be operated to realize a SSRF attack also without authorizations. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 18.12.11, which fixes this issue.
Apache Airflow, versions before 2.8.1, have a vulnerability that allows an authenticated user to access the source code of a DAG to which they don't have access. This vulnerability is considered low since it requires an authenticated user to exploit it. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.8.1, which fixes this issue.
Apache Airflow, versions before 2.8.1, have a vulnerability that allows a potential attacker to poison the XCom data by bypassing the protection of "enable_xcom_pickling=False" configuration setting resulting in poisoned data after XCom deserialization. This vulnerability is considered low since it requires a DAG author to exploit it. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.8.1 or later, which fixes this issue.
Apache Airflow, versions before 2.8.0, is affected by a vulnerability that allows an authenticated user without the variable edit permission, to update a variable. This flaw compromises the integrity of variable management, potentially leading to unauthorized data modification. Users are recommended to upgrade to 2.8.0, which fixes this issue
Apache ActiveMQ Artemis allows access to diagnostic information and controls through MBeans, which are also exposed through the authenticated Jolokia endpoint. Before version 2.29.0, this also included the Log4J2 MBean. This MBean is not meant for exposure to non-administrative users. This could eventually allow an authenticated attacker to write arbitrary files to the filesystem and indirectly achieve RCE. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.29.0 or later, which fixes the issue.
In Apache Linkis &lt;=1.4.0, The password is printed to the log when using the Oracle data source of the Linkis data source module. We recommend users upgrade the version of Linkis to version 1.5.0
Improper Control of Dynamically-Managed Code Resources, Unrestricted Upload of File with Dangerous Type, Inclusion of Functionality from Untrusted Control Sphere vulnerability in Apache Solr.This issue affects Apache Solr: from 6.0.0 through 8.11.2, from 9.0.0 before 9.4.1. In the affected versions, Solr ConfigSets accepted Java jar and class files to be uploaded through the ConfigSets API. When backing up Solr Collections, these configSet files would be saved to disk when using the LocalFileSystemRepository (the default for backups). If the backup was saved to a directory that Solr uses in its ClassPath/ClassLoaders, then the jar and class files would be available to use with any ConfigSet, trusted or untrusted. When Solr is run in a secure way (Authorization enabled), as is strongly suggested, this vulnerability is limited to extending the Backup permissions with the ability to add libraries. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 8.11.3 or 9.4.1, which fix the issue. In these versions, the following protections have been added: * Users are no longer able to upload files to a configSet that could be executed via a Java ClassLoader. * The Backup API restricts saving backups to directories that are used in the ClassLoader.
XML External Entity injection in apache ambari versions &lt;= 2.7.7, Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.7.8, which fixes this issue. More Details: Oozie Workflow Scheduler had a vulnerability that allowed for root-level file reading and privilege escalation from low-privilege users. The vulnerability was caused through lack of proper user input validation. This vulnerability is known as an XML External Entity (XXE) injection attack. Attackers can exploit XXE vulnerabilities to read arbitrary files on the server, including sensitive system files. In theory, it might be possible to use this to escalate privileges.
Malicious code injection in Apache Ambari in prior to 2.7.8. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.7.8, which fixes this issue. Impact: A Cluster Operator can manipulate the request by adding a malicious code injection and gain a root over the cluster main host.
Lack of proper input validation and constraint enforcement in Apache Ambari prior to 2.7.8 Impact : As it will be stored XSS, Could be exploited to perform unauthorized actions, varying from data access to session hijacking and delivering malicious payloads. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.7.8 which fixes this issue.
Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor vulnerability in Apache Solr.This issue affects Apache Solr: from 6.0.0 through 8.11.2, from 9.0.0 before 9.4.1. Solr Streaming Expressions allows users to extract data from other Solr Clouds, using a "zkHost" parameter. When original SolrCloud is setup to use ZooKeeper credentials and ACLs, they will be sent to whatever "zkHost" the user provides. An attacker could setup a server to mock ZooKeeper, that accepts ZooKeeper requests with credentials and ACLs and extracts the sensitive information, then send a streaming expression using the mock server's address in "zkHost". Streaming Expressions are exposed via the "/streaming" handler, with "read" permissions. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 8.11.3 or 9.4.1, which fix the issue. From these versions on, only zkHost values that have the same server address (regardless of chroot), will use the given ZooKeeper credentials and ACLs when connecting.
Incorrect Permission Assignment for Critical Resource, Improper Control of Dynamically-Managed Code Resources vulnerability in Apache Solr. This issue affects Apache Solr: from 8.10.0 through 8.11.2, from 9.0.0 before 9.3.0. The Schema Designer was introduced to allow users to more easily configure and test new Schemas and configSets. However, when the feature was created, the "trust" (authentication) of these configSets was not considered. External library loading is only available to configSets that are "trusted" (created by authenticated users), thus non-authenticated users are unable to perform Remote Code Execution. Since the Schema Designer loaded configSets without taking their "trust" into account, configSets that were created by unauthenticated users were allowed to load external libraries when used in the Schema Designer. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 9.3.0, which fixes the issue.
Insufficiently Protected Credentials vulnerability in Apache Solr. This issue affects Apache Solr: from 6.0.0 through 8.11.2, from 9.0.0 before 9.3.0. One of the two endpoints that publishes the Solr process' Java system properties, /admin/info/properties, was only setup to hide system properties that had "password" contained in the name. There are a number of sensitive system properties, such as "basicauth" and "aws.secretKey" do not contain "password", thus their values were published via the "/admin/info/properties" endpoint. This endpoint populates the list of System Properties on the home screen of the Solr Admin page, making the exposed credentials visible in the UI. This /admin/info/properties endpoint is protected under the "config-read" permission. Therefore, Solr Clouds with Authorization enabled will only be vulnerable through logged-in users that have the "config-read" permission. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 9.3.0 or 8.11.3, which fixes the issue. A single option now controls hiding Java system property for all endpoints, "-Dsolr.hiddenSysProps". By default all known sensitive properties are hidden (including "-Dbasicauth"), as well as any property with a name containing "secret" or "password". Users who cannot upgrade can also use the following Java system property to fix the issue: '-Dsolr.redaction.system.pattern=.*(password|secret|basicauth).*'
Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor vulnerability in Apache Solr. The Solr Metrics API publishes all unprotected environment variables available to each Apache Solr instance. Users are able to specify which environment variables to hide, however, the default list is designed to work for known secret Java system properties. Environment variables cannot be strictly defined in Solr, like Java system properties can be, and may be set for the entire host, unlike Java system properties which are set per-Java-proccess. The Solr Metrics API is protected by the "metrics-read" permission. Therefore, Solr Clouds with Authorization setup will only be vulnerable via users with the "metrics-read" permission. This issue affects Apache Solr: from 9.0.0 before 9.3.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 9.3.0 or later, in which environment variables are not published via the Metrics API.
Session Fixation Apache DolphinScheduler before version 3.2.0, which session is still valid after the password change. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.2.1, which fixes this issue.
Apache Airflow, version 2.7.0 through 2.7.3, has a vulnerability that allows an attacker to trigger a DAG in a GET request without CSRF validation. As a result, it was possible for a malicious website opened in the same browser - by the user who also had Airflow UI opened - to trigger the execution of DAGs without the user's consent. Users are advised to upgrade to version 2.8.0 or later which is not affected
A where_in JINJA macro allows users to specify a quote, which combined with a carefully crafted statement would allow for SQL injection in Apache Superset.This issue affects Apache Superset: before 2.1.2, from 3.0.0 before 3.0.2. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.0.2, which fixes the issue.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** The value set as the DefaultLocaleResolver.LOCALE_KEY attribute on the session was not validated while resolving XML definition files, leading to possible path traversal and eventually SSRF/XXE when passing user-controlled data to this key. Passing user-controlled data to this key may be relatively common, as it was also used like that to set the language in the 'tiles-test' application shipped with Tiles. This issue affects Apache Tiles from version 2 onwards. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
An authenticated Gamma user has the ability to create a dashboard and add charts to it, this user would automatically become one of the owners of the charts allowing him to incorrectly have write permissions to these charts.This issue affects Apache Superset: before 2.1.2, from 3.0.0 before 3.0.2. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.0.2 or 2.1.3, which fixes the issue.
Improper Restriction of XML External Entity Reference vulnerability in Apache Cocoon.This issue affects Apache Cocoon: from 2.2.0 before 2.3.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.3.0, which fixes the issue.
A stored cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability exists in Apache Superset before 3.0.3. An authenticated attacker with create/update permissions on charts or dashboards could store a script or add a specific HTML snippet that would act as a stored XSS. For 2.X versions, users should change their config to include: TALISMAN_CONFIG = { "content_security_policy": { "base-uri": ["'self'"], "default-src": ["'self'"], "img-src": ["'self'", "blob:", "data:"], "worker-src": ["'self'", "blob:"], "connect-src": [ "'self'", " https://api.mapbox.com" https://api.mapbox.com" ;, " https://events.mapbox.com" https://events.mapbox.com" ;, ], "object-src": "'none'", "style-src": [ "'self'", "'unsafe-inline'", ], "script-src": ["'self'", "'strict-dynamic'"], }, "content_security_policy_nonce_in": ["script-src"], "force_https": False, "session_cookie_secure": False, }
Before DolphinScheduler version 3.1.0, the login user could delete UDF function in the resource center unauthorized (which almost used in sql task), with unauthorized access vulnerability (IDOR), but after version 3.1.0 we fixed this issue. We mark this cve as moderate level because it still requires user login to operate, please upgrade to version 3.1.0 to avoid this vulnerability
Concurrent Execution using Shared Resource with Improper Synchronization ('Race Condition') vulnerability in Apache Answer. This issue affects Apache Answer: through 1.2.0. Under normal circumstances, a user can only bookmark a question once, and will only increase the number of questions bookmarked once. However, repeat submissions through the script can increase the number of collection of the question many times. Users are recommended to upgrade to version [1.2.1], which fixes the issue.
Lax permissions set by the Apache Portable Runtime library on Unix platforms would allow local users read access to named shared memory segments, potentially revealing sensitive application data. This issue does not affect non-Unix platforms, or builds with APR_USE_SHMEM_SHMGET=1 (apr.h) Users are recommended to upgrade to APR version 1.7.5, which fixes this issue.
In Apache Linkis &lt;=1.5.0, due to the lack of effective filtering of parameters, an attacker configuring malicious db2 parameters in the DataSource Manager Module will result in jndi injection. Therefore, the parameters in the DB2 URL should be blacklisted. This attack requires the attacker to obtain an authorized account from Linkis before it can be carried out. Versions of Apache Linkis &lt;=1.5.0 will be affected. We recommend users upgrade the version of Linkis to version 1.6.0.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache DolphinScheduler. An authenticated user can cause arbitrary, unsandboxed javascript to be executed on the server.This issue affects Apache DolphinScheduler: until 3.1.9. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.1.9, which fixes the issue.
Because the HttpUtils class did not verify certificates, an attacker that could perform a Man-in-the-Middle (MITM) attack on outgoing https connections could impersonate the server. This issue affects Apache DolphinScheduler: before 3.2.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.2.1, which fixes the issue.
Mysql security vulnerability in Apache SeaTunnel. Attackers can read files on the MySQL server by modifying the information in the MySQL URL allowLoadLocalInfile=true&amp;allowUrlInLocalInfile=true&amp;allowLoadLocalInfileInPath=/&amp;maxAllowedPacket=655360 This issue affects Apache SeaTunnel: 1.0.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version [1.0.1], which fixes the issue.
Apache NiFi 0.7.0 through 1.23.2 include the JoltTransformJSON Processor, which provides an advanced configuration user interface that is vulnerable to DOM-based cross-site scripting. If an authenticated user, who is authorized to configure a JoltTransformJSON Processor, visits a crafted URL, then arbitrary JavaScript code can be executed within the session context of the authenticated user. Upgrading to Apache NiFi 1.24.0 or 2.0.0-M1 is the recommended mitigation.
Exposure of Remote Code Execution in Apache Dolphinscheduler. This issue affects Apache DolphinScheduler: before 3.2.1. We recommend users to upgrade Apache DolphinScheduler to version 3.2.1, which fixes the issue.
Pre-auth RCE in Apache Ofbiz 18.12.09. It's due to XML-RPC no longer maintained still present. This issue affects Apache OFBiz: before 18.12.10. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 18.12.10
Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor vulnerability in Apache DolphinScheduler.This issue affects Apache DolphinScheduler: before 3.2.1. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.2.1, which fixes the issue. At the time of disclosure of this advisory, this version has not yet been released. In the mean time, we recommend you make sure the logs are only available to trusted operators.
Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor vulnerability in Apache DolphinScheduler. The information exposed to unauthorized actors may include sensitive data such as database credentials. Users who can't upgrade to the fixed version can also set environment variable `MANAGEMENT_ENDPOINTS_WEB_EXPOSURE_INCLUDE=health,metrics,prometheus` to workaround this, or add the following section in the `application.yaml` file ``` management: endpoints: web: exposure: include: health,metrics,prometheus ``` This issue affects Apache DolphinScheduler: from 3.0.0 before 3.0.2. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.0.2, which fixes the issue.
The SSH transport protocol with certain OpenSSH extensions, found in OpenSSH before 9.6 and other products, allows remote attackers to bypass integrity checks such that some packets are omitted (from the extension negotiation message), and a client and server may consequently end up with a connection for which some security features have been downgraded or disabled, aka a Terrapin attack. This occurs because the SSH Binary Packet Protocol (BPP), implemented by these extensions, mishandles the handshake phase and mishandles use of sequence numbers. For example, there is an effective attack against SSH's use of ChaCha20-Poly1305 (and CBC with Encrypt-then-MAC). The bypass occurs in chacha20-poly1305@openssh.com and (if CBC is used) the -etm@openssh.com MAC algorithms. This also affects Maverick Synergy Java SSH API before 3.1.0-SNAPSHOT, Dropbear through 2022.83, Ssh before 5.1.1 in Erlang/OTP, PuTTY before 0.80, AsyncSSH before 2.14.2, golang.org/x/crypto before 0.17.0, libssh before 0.10.6, libssh2 through 1.11.0, Thorn Tech SFTP Gateway before 3.4.6, Tera Term before 5.1, Paramiko before 3.4.0, jsch before 0.2.15, SFTPGo before 2.5.6, Netgate pfSense Plus through 23.09.1, Netgate pfSense CE through 2.7.2, HPN-SSH through 18.2.0, ProFTPD before 1.3.8b (and before 1.3.9rc2), ORYX CycloneSSH before 2.3.4, NetSarang XShell 7 before Build 0144, CrushFTP before 10.6.0, ConnectBot SSH library before 2.2.22, Apache MINA sshd through 2.11.0, sshj through 0.37.0, TinySSH through 20230101, trilead-ssh2 6401, LANCOM LCOS and LANconfig, FileZilla before 3.66.4, Nova before 11.8, PKIX-SSH before 14.4, SecureCRT before 9.4.3, Transmit5 before 5.10.4, Win32-OpenSSH before 9.5.0.0p1-Beta, WinSCP before 6.2.2, Bitvise SSH Server before 9.32, Bitvise SSH Client before 9.33, KiTTY through 0.76.1.13, the net-ssh gem 7.2.0 for Ruby, the mscdex ssh2 module before 1.15.0 for Node.js, the thrussh library before 0.35.1 for Rust, and the Russh crate before 0.40.2 for Rust.
Web Authentication vulnerability in Apache SeaTunnel. Since the jwt key is hardcoded in the application, an attacker can forge any token to log in any user. Attacker can get secret key in /seatunnel-server/seatunnel-app/src/main/resources/application.yml and then create a token. This issue affects Apache SeaTunnel: 1.0.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.0.1, which fixes the issue.
XXE in the XML Format Plugin in Apache Drill version 1.19.0 and greater allows a user to read any file on a remote file system or execute commands via a malicious XML file. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.21.2, which fixes this issue.
Apache Airflow, in versions prior to 2.8.0, contains a security vulnerability that allows an authenticated user with limited access to some DAGs, to craft a request that could give the user write access to various DAG resources for DAGs that the user had no access to, thus, enabling the user to clear DAGs they shouldn't. This is a missing fix for CVE-2023-42792 in Apache Airflow 2.7.2 Users of Apache Airflow are strongly advised to upgrade to version 2.8.0 or newer to mitigate the risk associated with this vulnerability.
Apache OpenOffice documents can contain links that call internal macros with arbitrary arguments. Several URI Schemes are defined for this purpose. Links can be activated by clicks, or by automatic document events. The execution of such links must be subject to user approval. In the affected versions of OpenOffice, approval for certain links is not requested; when activated, such links could therefore result in arbitrary script execution. This is a corner case of CVE-2022-47502.
Apache Airflow, versions 2.6.0 through 2.7.3 has a stored XSS vulnerability that allows a DAG author to add an unbounded and not-sanitized javascript in the parameter description field of the DAG. This Javascript can be executed on the client side of any of the user who looks at the tasks in the browser sandbox. While this issue does not allow to exit the browser sandbox or manipulation of the server-side data - more than the DAG author already has, it allows to modify what the user looking at the DAG details sees in the browser - which opens up all kinds of possibilities of misleading other users. Users of Apache Airflow are recommended to upgrade to version 2.8.0 or newer to mitigate the risk associated with this vulnerability
Deserialization of untrusted data in IPC and Parquet readers in PyArrow versions 0.14.0 to 14.0.0 allows arbitrary code execution. An application is vulnerable if it reads Arrow IPC, Feather or Parquet data from untrusted sources (for example user-supplied input files). This vulnerability only affects PyArrow, not other Apache Arrow implementations or bindings. It is recommended that users of PyArrow upgrade to 14.0.1. Similarly, it is recommended that downstream libraries upgrade their dependency requirements to PyArrow 14.0.1 or later. PyPI packages are already available, and we hope that conda-forge packages will be available soon. If it is not possible to upgrade, we provide a separate package `pyarrow-hotfix` that disables the vulnerability on older PyArrow versions. See https://pypi.org/project/pyarrow-hotfix/ for instructions.
We failed to apply CVE-2023-40611 in 2.7.1 and this vulnerability was marked as fixed then. Apache Airflow, versions before 2.7.3, is affected by a vulnerability that allows authenticated and DAG-view authorized Users to modify some DAG run detail values when submitting notes. This could have them alter details such as configuration parameters, start date, etc. Users should upgrade to version 2.7.3 or later which has removed the vulnerability.
Allura Discussion and Allura Forum importing does not restrict URL values specified in attachments. Project administrators can run these imports, which could cause Allura to read local files and expose them. Exposing internal files then can lead to other exploits, like session hijacking, or remote code execution. This issue affects Apache Allura from 1.0.1 through 1.15.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.16.0, which fixes the issue. If you are unable to upgrade, set "disable_entry_points.allura.importers = forge-tracker, forge-discussion" in your .ini config file.
Missing Authentication in Apache Software Foundation Apache OFBiz when using the Solr plugin. This issue affects Apache OFBiz: before 18.12.09. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 18.12.09
In Apache Linkis &lt;= 1.5.0, data source management module, when adding Mysql data source, exists remote code execution vulnerability for java version &lt; 1.8.0_241. The deserialization vulnerability exploited through jrmp can inject malicious files into the server and execute them. This attack requires the attacker to obtain an authorized account from Linkis before it can be carried out. We recommend that users upgrade the java version to &gt;= 1.8.0_241. Or users upgrade Linkis to version 1.6.0.
URL Redirection to Untrusted Site ('Open Redirect') vulnerability when "form" authentication is used in Apache Shiro. Mitigation: Update to Apache Shiro 1.13.0+ or 2.0.0-alpha-4+.
Apache Shiro before 1.13.0 or 2.0.0-alpha-4, may be susceptible to a path traversal attack that results in an authentication bypass when used together with path rewriting Mitigation: Update to Apache Shiro 1.13.0+ or 2.0.0-alpha-4+, or ensure `blockSemicolon` is enabled (this is the default).
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Tomcat.Tomcat from 11.0.0-M1 through 11.0.0-M10, from 10.1.0-M1 through 10.1.15, from 9.0.0-M1 through 9.0.82 and from 8.5.0 through 8.5.95 did not correctly parse HTTP trailer headers. A trailer header that exceeded the header size limit could cause Tomcat to treat a single request as multiple requests leading to the possibility of request smuggling when behind a reverse proxy. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 11.0.0-M11 onwards, 10.1.16 onwards, 9.0.83 onwards or 8.5.96 onwards, which fix the issue.
Apache Software Foundation Apache Submarine has a bug when serializing against yaml. The bug is caused by snakeyaml https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2022-1471 . Apache Submarine uses JAXRS to define REST endpoints. In order to handle YAML requests (using application/yaml content-type), it defines a YamlEntityProvider entity provider that will process all incoming YAML requests. In order to unmarshal the request, the readFrom method is invoked, passing the entityStream containing the user-supplied data in `submarine-server/server-core/src/main/java/org/apache/submarine/server/utils/YamlUtils.java`. We have now fixed this issue in the new version by replacing to `jackson-dataformat-yaml`. This issue affects Apache Submarine: from 0.7.0 before 0.8.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 0.8.0, which fixes this issue. If using the version smaller than 0.8.0 and not want to upgrade, you can try cherry-pick PR https://github.com/apache/submarine/pull/1054 and rebuild the submart-server image to fix this.
Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor vulnerability in Apache Airflow.This issue affects Apache Airflow from 2.4.0 to 2.7.0. Sensitive configuration information has been exposed to authenticated users with the ability to read configuration via Airflow REST API for configuration even when the expose_config option is set to non-sensitive-only. The expose_config option is False by default. It is recommended to upgrade to a version that is not affected if you set expose_config to non-sensitive-only configuration. This is a different error than CVE-2023-45348 which allows authenticated user to retrieve individual configuration values in 2.7.* by specially crafting their request (solved in 2.7.2). Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.7.2, which fixes the issue and additionally fixes CVE-2023-45348.
Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability in Apache Dubbo.This issue only affects Apache Dubbo 3.1.5. Users are recommended to upgrade to the latest version, which fixes the issue.
FOG is a free open-source cloning/imaging/rescue suite/inventory management system. Prior to version 1.5.10, an endpoint intended to offer limited enumeration abilities to authenticated users was accessible to unauthenticated users. This enabled unauthenticated users to discover files and their respective paths that were visible to the Apache user group. Version 1.5.10 contains a patch for this issue.
FOG is a free open-source cloning/imaging/rescue suite/inventory management system. Prior to version 1.5.10, a server-side-request-forgery (SSRF) vulnerability allowed an unauthenticated user to trigger a GET request as the server to an arbitrary endpoint and URL scheme. This also allows remote access to files visible to the Apache user group. Other impacts vary based on server configuration. Version 1.5.10 contains a patch.
Deserialization of Untrusted Data Vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong. This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.4.0 through 1.8.0, the attacker can use \t to bypass. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.9.0 or cherry-pick [1] to solve it. [1] https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/8814
Remote Code Execution vulnerability in Apache IoTDB.This issue affects Apache IoTDB: from 1.0.0 through 1.2.2. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.3.0, which fixes the issue.
Insertion of Sensitive Information into Log File vulnerability in Apache Airflow Celery provider, Apache Airflow. Sensitive information logged as clear text when rediss, amqp, rpc protocols are used as Celery result backend Note: the vulnerability is about the information exposed in the logs not about accessing the logs. This issue affects Apache Airflow Celery provider: from 3.3.0 through 3.4.0; Apache Airflow: from 1.10.0 through 2.6.3. Users are recommended to upgrade Airflow Celery provider to version 3.4.1 and Apache Airlfow to version 2.7.0 which fixes the issue.
Uncontrolled resource consumption can be triggered by authenticated attacker that uploads a malicious ZIP to import database, dashboards or datasets. This vulnerability exists in Apache Superset versions up to and including 2.1.2 and versions 3.0.0, 3.0.1.
Security vulnerability in Apache bRPC &lt;=1.6.0 on all platforms allows attackers to inject XSS code to the builtin rpcz page. An attacker that can send http request to bRPC server with rpcz enabled can inject arbitrary XSS code to the builtin rpcz page. Solution (choose one of three): 1. upgrade to bRPC &gt; 1.6.0, download link: https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/release/brpc/1.6.1/ 2. If you are using an old version of bRPC and hard to upgrade, you can apply this patch: https://github.com/apache/brpc/pull/2411 3. disable rpcz feature
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Tomcat.Tomcat from 11.0.0-M1 through 11.0.0-M11, from 10.1.0-M1 through 10.1.13, from 9.0.0-M1 through 9.0.81 and from 8.5.0 through 8.5.93 did not correctly parse HTTP trailer headers. A specially crafted, invalid trailer header could cause Tomcat to treat a single request as multiple requests leading to the possibility of request smuggling when behind a reverse proxy. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 11.0.0-M12 onwards, 10.1.14 onwards, 9.0.81 onwards or 8.5.94 onwards, which fix the issue.
Apache Airflow, versions 2.7.0 and 2.7.1, is affected by a vulnerability that allows an authenticated user to retrieve sensitive configuration information when the "expose_config" option is set to "non-sensitive-only". The `expose_config` option is False by default. It is recommended to upgrade to a version that is not affected.
ThingsBoard before 3.5 allows Server-Side Template Injection if users are allowed to modify an email template, because Apache FreeMarker supports freemarker.template.utility.Execute (for content sent to the /api/admin/settings endpoint).
Authorization Bypass Through User-Controlled Key vulnerability in Apache ZooKeeper. If SASL Quorum Peer authentication is enabled in ZooKeeper (quorum.auth.enableSasl=true), the authorization is done by verifying that the instance part in SASL authentication ID is listed in zoo.cfg server list. The instance part in SASL auth ID is optional and if it's missing, like 'eve@EXAMPLE.COM', the authorization check will be skipped. As a result an arbitrary endpoint could join the cluster and begin propagating counterfeit changes to the leader, essentially giving it complete read-write access to the data tree. Quorum Peer authentication is not enabled by default. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.9.1, 3.8.3, 3.7.2, which fixes the issue. Alternately ensure the ensemble election/quorum communication is protected by a firewall as this will mitigate the issue. See the documentation for more details on correct cluster administration.
The HTTP/2 protocol allows a denial of service (server resource consumption) because request cancellation can reset many streams quickly, as exploited in the wild in August through October 2023.
All versions of Apache Santuario - XML Security for Java prior to 2.2.6, 2.3.4, and 3.0.3, when using the JSR 105 API, are vulnerable to an issue where a private key may be disclosed in log files when generating an XML Signature and logging with debug level is enabled. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.2.6, 2.3.4, or 3.0.3, which fixes this issue.
Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) vulnerability in Apache ServiceComb Service-Center. Attackers can obtain sensitive server information through specially crafted requests.This issue affects Apache ServiceComb before 2.1.0(include). Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.2.0, which fixes the issue.
Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor in Apache ServiceComb Service-Center.This issue affects Apache ServiceComb Service-Center before 2.1.0 (include). Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.2.0, which fixes the issue.
Apache Guacamole 1.5.3 and older do not consistently ensure that values received from a VNC server will not result in integer overflow. If a user connects to a malicious or compromised VNC server, specially-crafted data could result in memory corruption, possibly allowing arbitrary code to be executed with the privileges of the running guacd process. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.5.4, which fixes this issue.
Improper payload validation and an improper REST API response type, made it possible for an authenticated malicious actor to store malicious code into Chart's metadata, this code could get executed if a user specifically accesses a specific deprecated API endpoint. This issue affects Apache Superset versions prior to 2.1.2. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.1.2, which fixes this issue.
Authorization Bypass Through User-Controlled Key vulnerability in Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.4.0 through 1.8.0, some sensitive params checks will be bypassed, like "autoDeserizalize","allowLoadLocalInfile".... . Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.9.0 or cherry-pick [1] to solve it. [1] https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/8604
Improper Neutralization of Special Elements in Output Used by a Downstream Component ('Injection') vulnerability in Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.4.0 through 1.8.0, the attacker can create misleading or false log records, making it harder to audit and trace malicious activities. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.9.0 or cherry-pick [1] to solve it. [1] https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/8628
Insufficient Verification of Data Authenticity vulnerability in Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.4.0 through 1.8.0, General user can view all user data like Admin account. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.9.0 or cherry-pick [1] to solve it. [1] https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/8623
An attacker, opening a HTTP/2 connection with an initial window size of 0, was able to block handling of that connection indefinitely in Apache HTTP Server. This could be used to exhaust worker resources in the server, similar to the well known "slow loris" attack pattern. This has been fixed in version 2.4.58, so that such connection are terminated properly after the configured connection timeout. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server: from 2.4.55 through 2.4.57. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.4.58, which fixes the issue.
On unix-like systems, the temporary directory is shared between all user. As such, writing to this directory using APIs that do not explicitly set the file/directory permissions can lead to information disclosure. Of note, this does not impact modern MacOS Operating Systems. The method File.createTempFile on unix-like systems creates a file with predefined name (so easily identifiable) and by default will create this file with the permissions -rw-r--r--. Thus, if sensitive information is written to this file, other local users can read this information. File.createTempFile(String, String) will create a temporary file in the system temporary directory if the 'java.io.tmpdir' system property is not explicitly set. This affects the class https://github.com/apache/storm/blob/master/storm-core/src/jvm/org/apache/storm/utils/TopologySpoutLag.java#L99 and was introduced by https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/STORM-3123 In practice, this has a very limited impact as this class is used only if ui.disable.spout.lag.monitoring is set to false, but its value is true by default. Moreover, the temporary file gets deleted soon after its creation. The solution is to use Files.createTempFile https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/docs/api/java.base/java/nio/file/Files.html#createTempFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.nio.file.attribute.FileAttribute...) instead. We recommend that all users upgrade to the latest version of Apache Storm.
Incomplete Cleanup vulnerability in Apache Tomcat.When recycling various internal objects in Apache Tomcat from 11.0.0-M1 through 11.0.0-M11, from 10.1.0-M1 through 10.1.13, from 9.0.0-M1 through 9.0.80 and from 8.5.0 through 8.5.93, an error could cause Tomcat to skip some parts of the recycling process leading to information leaking from the current request/response to the next. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 11.0.0-M12 onwards, 10.1.14 onwards, 9.0.81 onwards or 8.5.94 onwards, which fixes the issue.
Incomplete Cleanup vulnerability in Apache Tomcat. The internal fork of Commons FileUpload packaged with Apache Tomcat 9.0.70 through 9.0.80 and 8.5.85 through 8.5.93 included an unreleased, in progress refactoring that exposed a potential denial of service on Windows if a web application opened a stream for an uploaded file but failed to close the stream. The file would never be deleted from disk creating the possibility of an eventual denial of service due to the disk being full. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 9.0.81 onwards or 8.5.94 onwards, which fixes the issue.
Apache Airflow, in versions prior to 2.7.2, contains a security vulnerability that allows an authenticated user with limited access to some DAGs, to craft a request that could give the user write access to various DAG resources for DAGs that the user had no access to, thus, enabling the user to clear DAGs they shouldn't. Users of Apache Airflow are strongly advised to upgrade to version 2.7.2 or newer to mitigate the risk associated with this vulnerability.
Apache Airflow, versions before 2.7.3, has a vulnerability that allows an authorized user who has access to read specific DAGs only, to read information about task instances in other DAGs. This is a different issue than CVE-2023-42663 but leading to similar outcome. Users of Apache Airflow are advised to upgrade to version 2.7.3 or newer to mitigate the risk associated with this vulnerability.
Apache Airflow, versions prior to 2.7.2, contains a security vulnerability that allows authenticated users of Airflow to list warnings for all DAGs, even if the user had no permission to see those DAGs. It would reveal the dag_ids and the stack-traces of import errors for those DAGs with import errors. Users of Apache Airflow are advised to upgrade to version 2.7.2 or newer to mitigate the risk associated with this vulnerability.
Apache Airflow, versions before 2.7.2, has a vulnerability that allows an authorized user who has access to read specific DAGs only, to read information about task instances in other DAGs. Users of Apache Airflow are advised to upgrade to version 2.7.2 or newer to mitigate the risk associated with this vulnerability.
An authenticated user with read permissions on database connections metadata could potentially access sensitive information such as the connection's username. This issue affects Apache Superset before 3.0.0.
An authenticated malicious user could initiate multiple concurrent requests, each requesting multiple dashboard exports, leading to a possible denial of service. This issue affects Apache Superset: before 3.0.0
Improper Input Validation, Uncontrolled Resource Consumption vulnerability in Apache Commons Compress in TAR parsing.This issue affects Apache Commons Compress: from 1.22 before 1.24.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.24.0, which fixes the issue. A third party can create a malformed TAR file by manipulating file modification times headers, which when parsed with Apache Commons Compress, will cause a denial of service issue via CPU consumption. In version 1.22 of Apache Commons Compress, support was added for file modification times with higher precision (issue # COMPRESS-612 [1]). The format for the PAX extended headers carrying this data consists of two numbers separated by a period [2], indicating seconds and subsecond precision (for example &amp;#8220;1647221103.5998539&amp;#8221;). The impacted fields are &amp;#8220;atime&amp;#8221;, &amp;#8220;ctime&amp;#8221;, &amp;#8220;mtime&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;LIBARCHIVE.creationtime&amp;#8221;. No input validation is performed prior to the parsing of header values. Parsing of these numbers uses the BigDecimal [3] class from the JDK which has a publicly known algorithmic complexity issue when doing operations on large numbers, causing denial of service (see issue # JDK-6560193 [4]). A third party can manipulate file time headers in a TAR file by placing a number with a very long fraction (300,000 digits) or a number with exponent notation (such as &amp;#8220;9e9999999&amp;#8221;) within a file modification time header, and the parsing of files with these headers will take hours instead of seconds, leading to a denial of service via exhaustion of CPU resources. This issue is similar to CVE-2012-2098 [5]. [1]: https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/COMPRESS-612 [2]: https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/utilities/pax.html#tag_20_92_13_05 [3]: https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/math/BigDecimal.html [4]: https://bugs.openjdk.org/browse/JDK-6560193 [5]: https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2012-2098 Only applications using CompressorStreamFactory class (with auto-detection of file types), TarArchiveInputStream and TarFile classes to parse TAR files are impacted. Since this code was introduced in v1.22, only that version and later versions are impacted.
An authenticated attacker with update datasets permission could change a dataset link to an untrusted site by spoofing the HTTP Host header, users could be redirected to this site when clicking on that specific dataset. This issue affects Apache Superset versions before 3.0.0.
Unnecessary read permissions within the Gamma role would allow authenticated users to read configured CSS templates and annotations. This issue affects Apache Superset: before 2.1.2. Users should upgrade to version or above 2.1.2 and run `superset init` to reconstruct the Gamma role or remove `can_read` permission from the mentioned resources.
plone.rest allows users to use HTTP verbs such as GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, etc. in Plone. Starting in the 2.x branch and prior to versions 2.0.1 and 3.0.1, when the `++api++` traverser is accidentally used multiple times in a url, handling it takes increasingly longer, making the server less responsive. Patches are available in `plone.rest` 2.0.1 and 3.0.1. Series 1.x is not affected. As a workaround, one may redirect `/++api++/++api++` to `/++api++` in one's frontend web server (nginx, Apache).
In Apache Linkis =1.4.0, due to the lack of effective filtering of parameters, an attacker configuring malicious Mysql JDBC parameters in the DataSource Manager Module will trigger arbitrary file reading. Therefore, the parameters in the Mysql JDBC URL should be blacklisted. This attack requires the attacker to obtain an authorized account from Linkis before it can be carried out. Versions of Apache Linkis = 1.4.0 will be affected. We recommend users upgrade the version of Linkis to version 1.5.0.
Improper Neutralization of CRLF Sequences in HTTP Headers in Apache Flink Stateful Functions 3.1.0, 3.1.1 and 3.2.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTTP headers and conduct HTTP response splitting attacks via crafted HTTP requests. Attackers could potentially inject malicious content into the HTTP response that is sent to the user's browser. Users should upgrade to Apache Flink Stateful Functions version 3.3.0.
Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor vulnerability in Apache Traffic Server.This issue affects Apache Traffic Server: from 8.0.0 through 8.1.8, from 9.0.0 through 9.2.2. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 8.1.9 or 9.2.3, which fixes the issue.
The authentication method in Apache Doris versions before 2.0.0 was vulnerable to timing attacks. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.0.0 + or 1.2.8, which fixes this issue.
In the Apache Airflow HDFS Provider, versions prior to 4.1.1, a documentation info pointed users to an install incorrect pip package. As this package name was unclaimed, in theory, an attacker could claim this package and provide code that would be executed when this package was installed. The Airflow team has since taken ownership of the package (neutralizing the risk), and fixed the doc strings in version 4.1.1
Incorrect certificate validation in InvokeHTTP on Apache NiFi MiNiFi C++ versions 0.13 to 0.14 allows an intermediary to present a forged certificate during TLS handshake negotation. The Disable Peer Verification property of InvokeHTTP was effectively flipped, disabling verification by default, when using HTTPS. Mitigation: Set the Disable Peer Verification property of InvokeHTTP to true when using MiNiFi C++ versions 0.13.0 or 0.14.0. Upgrading to MiNiFi C++ 0.15.0 corrects the default behavior.
Important: Authentication Bypass CVE-2023-41081 The mod_jk component of Apache Tomcat Connectors in some circumstances, such as when a configuration included "JkOptions +ForwardDirectories" but the configuration did not provide explicit mounts for all possible proxied requests, mod_jk would use an implicit mapping and map the request to the first defined worker. Such an implicit mapping could result in the unintended exposure of the status worker and/or bypass security constraints configured in httpd. As of JK 1.2.49, the implicit mapping functionality has been removed and all mappings must now be via explicit configuration. Only mod_jk is affected by this issue. The ISAPI redirector is not affected. This issue affects Apache Tomcat Connectors (mod_jk only): from 1.2.0 through 1.2.48. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.2.49, which fixes the issue. History 2023-09-13 Original advisory 2023-09-28 Updated summary
URL Redirection to Untrusted Site ('Open Redirect') vulnerability in FORM authentication feature Apache Tomcat.This issue affects Apache Tomcat: from 11.0.0-M1 through 11.0.0-M10, from 10.1.0-M1 through 10.0.12, from 9.0.0-M1 through 9.0.79 and from 8.5.0 through 8.5.92. The vulnerability is limited to the ROOT (default) web application.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** When integrating Apache Axis 1.x in an application, it may not have been obvious that looking up a service through "ServiceFactory.getService" allows potentially dangerous lookup mechanisms such as LDAP. When passing untrusted input to this API method, this could expose the application to DoS, SSRF and even attacks leading to RCE. As Axis 1 has been EOL we recommend you migrate to a different SOAP engine, such as Apache Axis 2/Java. As a workaround, you may review your code to verify no untrusted or unsanitized input is passed to "ServiceFactory.getService", or by applying the patch from https://github.com/apache/axis-axis1-java/commit/7e66753427466590d6def0125e448d2791723210 . The Apache Axis project does not expect to create an Axis 1.x release fixing this problem, though contributors that would like to work towards this are welcome.
Apache Airflow, versions before 2.7.1, is affected by a vulnerability that allows authenticated users who have access to see the task/dag in the UI, to craft a URL, which could lead to unmasking the secret configuration of the task that otherwise would be masked in the UI. Users are strongly advised to upgrade to version 2.7.1 or later which has removed the vulnerability.
Apache Airflow, versions before 2.7.1, is affected by a vulnerability that allows authenticated and DAG-view authorized Users to modify some DAG run detail values when submitting notes. This could have them alter details such as configuration parameters, start date, etc. Users should upgrade to version 2.7.1 or later which has removed the vulnerability.
Improper authorization check and possible privilege escalation on Apache Superset up to but excluding 2.1.2. Using the default examples database connection that allows access to both the examples schema and Apache Superset's metadata database, an attacker using a specially crafted CTE SQL statement could change data on the metadata database. This weakness could result on tampering with the authentication/authorization data.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. In affected versions there is a Global-Buffer-Overflow in the ncrush_decompress function. Feeding crafted input into this function can trigger the overflow which has only been shown to cause a crash. This issue has been addressed in versions 2.11.0 and 3.0.0-beta3. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this issue.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. Affected versions are subject to an Out-Of-Bounds Read in the `RleDecompress` function. This Out-Of-Bounds Read occurs because FreeRDP processes the `pbSrcBuffer` variable without checking if it contains data of sufficient length. Insufficient data in the `pbSrcBuffer` variable may cause errors or crashes. This issue has been addressed in version 3.0.0-beta3. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this issue.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. Affected versions are subject to an Out-Of-Bounds Read in the `general_YUV444ToRGB_8u_P3AC4R_BGRX` function. This issue is likely down to insufficient data for the `pSrc` variable and results in crashes. This issue has been addressed in version 3.0.0-beta3. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this issue.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. Affected versions are subject to an Out-Of-Bounds Write in the `writePixelBGRX` function. This issue is likely down to incorrect calculations of the `nHeight` and `srcStep` variables. This issue has been addressed in version 3.0.0-beta3. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this issue.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. Affected versions are subject to an Out-Of-Bounds Write in the `progressive_decompress` function. This issue is likely down to incorrect calculations of the `nXSrc` and `nYSrc` variables. This issue has been addressed in versions 2.11.0 and 3.0.0-beta3. Users are advised to upgrade. there are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. Affected versions are subject to an Out-Of-Bounds Write in the `clear_decompress_bands_data` function in which there is no offset validation. Abuse of this vulnerability may lead to an out of bounds write. This issue has been addressed in versions 2.11.0 and 3.0.0-beta3. Users are advised to upgrade. there are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
The session fixation vulnerability allowed the authenticated user to continue accessing Airflow webserver even after the password of the user has been reset by the admin - up until the expiry of the session of the user. Other than manually cleaning the session database (for database session backend), or changing the secure_key and restarting the webserver, there were no mechanisms to force-logout the user (and all other users with that). With this fix implemented, when using the database session backend, the existing sessions of the user are invalidated when the password of the user is reset. When using the securecookie session backend, the sessions are NOT invalidated and still require changing the secure key and restarting the webserver (and logging out all other users), but the user resetting the password is informed about it with a flash message warning displayed in the UI. Documentation is also updated explaining this behaviour. Users of Apache Airflow are advised to upgrade to version 2.7.0 or newer to mitigate the risk associated with this vulnerability.
Apache Airflow Spark Provider, versions before 4.1.3, is affected by a vulnerability that allows an attacker to pass in malicious parameters when establishing a connection giving an opportunity to read files on the Airflow server. It is recommended to upgrade to a version that is not affected.
Deserialization of Untrusted Data, Inclusion of Functionality from Untrusted Control Sphere vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow Spark Provider. When the Apache Spark provider is installed on an Airflow deployment, an Airflow user that is authorized to configure Spark hooks can effectively run arbitrary code on the Airflow node by pointing it at a malicious Spark server. Prior to version 4.1.3, this was not called out in the documentation explicitly, so it is possible that administrators provided authorizations to configure Spark hooks without taking this into account. We recommend administrators to review their configurations to make sure the authorization to configure Spark hooks is only provided to fully trusted users. To view the warning in the docs please visit https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-apache-spark/4.1.3/connections/spark.html
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. Affected versions are subject to an Out-Of-Bounds Read in the `general_LumaToYUV444` function. This Out-Of-Bounds Read occurs because processing is done on the `in` variable without checking if it contains data of sufficient length. Insufficient data for the `in` variable may cause errors or crashes. This issue has been addressed in versions 2.11.0 and 3.0.0-beta3. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this issue.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. Affected versions of the 3.x beta branch are subject to a Use-After-Free issue in the `avc420_ensure_buffer` and `avc444_ensure_buffer` functions. If the value of `piDstSize[x]` is 0, `ppYUVDstData[x]` will be freed. However, in this case `ppYUVDstData[x]` will not have been updated which leads to a Use-After-Free vulnerability. This issue has been addressed in version 3.0.0-beta3. Users of the 3.x beta releases are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. Affected versions are subject to an IntegerOverflow leading to Out-Of-Bound Write Vulnerability in the `gdi_CreateSurface` function. This issue affects FreeRDP based clients only. FreeRDP proxies are not affected as image decoding is not done by a proxy. This issue has been addressed in versions 2.11.0 and 3.0.0-beta3. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this issue.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. Affected versions are subject to an Integer-Underflow leading to Out-Of-Bound Read in the `zgfx_decompress_segment` function. In the context of `CopyMemory`, it's possible to read data beyond the transmitted packet range and likely cause a crash. This issue has been addressed in versions 2.11.0 and 3.0.0-beta3. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this issue.
Apache NiFi 1.21.0 through 1.23.0 support JDBC and JNDI JMS access in several Processors and Controller Services with connection URL validation that does not provide sufficient protection against crafted inputs. An authenticated and authorized user can bypass connection URL validation using custom input formatting. The resolution enhances connection URL validation and introduces validation for additional related properties. Upgrading to Apache NiFi 1.23.1 is the recommended mitigation.
Deserialization of Untrusted Data, Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache UIMA Java SDK, Apache UIMA Java SDK, Apache UIMA Java SDK, Apache UIMA Java SDK.This issue affects Apache UIMA Java SDK: before 3.5.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.5.0, which fixes the issue. There are several locations in the code where serialized Java objects are deserialized without verifying the data. This affects in particular: * the deserialization of a Java-serialized CAS, but also other binary CAS formats that include TSI information using the CasIOUtils class; * the CAS Editor Eclipse plugin which uses the the CasIOUtils class to load data; * the deserialization of a Java-serialized CAS of the Vinci Analysis Engine service which can receive using Java-serialized CAS objects over network connections; * the CasAnnotationViewerApplet and the CasTreeViewerApplet; * the checkpointing feature of the CPE module. Note that the UIMA framework by default does not start any remotely accessible services (i.e. Vinci) that would be vulnerable to this issue. A user or developer would need to make an active choice to start such a service. However, users or developers may use the CasIOUtils in their own applications and services to parse serialized CAS data. They are affected by this issue unless they ensure that the data passed to CasIOUtils is not a serialized Java object. When using Vinci or using CasIOUtils in own services/applications, the unrestricted deserialization of Java-serialized CAS files may allow arbitrary (remote) code execution. As a remedy, it is possible to set up a global or context-specific ObjectInputFilter (cf. https://openjdk.org/jeps/290 and https://openjdk.org/jeps/415 ) if running UIMA on a Java version that supports it. Note that Java 1.8 does not support the ObjectInputFilter, so there is no remedy when running on this out-of-support platform. An upgrade to a recent Java version is strongly recommended if you need to secure an UIMA version that is affected by this issue. To mitigate the issue on a Java 9+ platform, you can configure a filter pattern through the "jdk.serialFilter" system property using a semicolon as a separator: To allow deserializing Java-serialized binary CASes, add the classes: * org.apache.uima.cas.impl.CASCompleteSerializer * org.apache.uima.cas.impl.CASMgrSerializer * org.apache.uima.cas.impl.CASSerializer * java.lang.String To allow deserializing CPE Checkpoint data, add the following classes (and any custom classes your application uses to store its checkpoints): * org.apache.uima.collection.impl.cpm.CheckpointData * org.apache.uima.util.ProcessTrace * org.apache.uima.util.impl.ProcessTrace_impl * org.apache.uima.collection.base_cpm.SynchPoint Make sure to use "!*" as the final component to the filter pattern to disallow deserialization of any classes not listed in the pattern. Apache UIMA 3.5.0 uses tightly scoped ObjectInputFilters when reading Java-serialized data depending on the type of data being expected. Configuring a global filter is not necessary with this version.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow Drill Provider. Apache Airflow Drill Provider is affected by a vulnerability that allows an attacker to pass in malicious parameters when establishing a connection with DrillHook giving an opportunity to read files on the Airflow server. This issue affects Apache Airflow Drill Provider: before 2.4.3. It is recommended to upgrade to a version that is not affected.
Execution with Unnecessary Privileges, : Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow.The "Run Task" feature enables authenticated user to bypass some of the restrictions put in place. It allows to execute code in the webserver context as well as allows to bypas limitation of access the user has to certain DAGs. The "Run Task" feature is considered dangerous and it has been removed entirely in Airflow 2.6.0 This issue affects Apache Airflow: before 2.6.0.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Traffic Server with malformed HTTP/2 frames.This issue affects Apache Traffic Server: from 9.0.0 through 9.2.2. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 9.2.3, which fixes the issue.
Apache Airflow SMTP Provider before 1.3.0, Apache Airflow IMAP Provider before 3.3.0, and Apache Airflow before 2.7.0 are affected by the Validation of OpenSSL Certificate vulnerability. The default SSL context with SSL library did not check a server's X.509 certificate. Instead, the code accepted any certificate, which could result in the disclosure of mail server credentials or mail contents when the client connects to an attacker in a MITM position. Users are strongly advised to upgrade to Apache Airflow version 2.7.0 or newer, Apache Airflow IMAP Provider version 3.3.0 or newer, and Apache Airflow SMTP Provider version 1.3.0 or newer to mitigate the risk associated with this vulnerability
When deserializing untrusted or corrupted data, it is possible for a reader to consume memory beyond the allowed constraints and thus lead to out of memory on the system. This issue affects Java applications using Apache Avro Java SDK up to and including 1.11.2. Users should update to apache-avro version 1.11.3 which addresses this issue.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. In affected versions a missing offset validation may lead to an Out Of Bound Read in the function `gdi_multi_opaque_rect`. In particular there is no code to validate if the value `multi_opaque_rect-&gt;numRectangles` is less than 45. Looping through `multi_opaque_rect-&gt;`numRectangles without proper boundary checks can lead to Out-of-Bounds Read errors which will likely lead to a crash. This issue has been addressed in versions 2.11.0 and 3.0.0-beta3. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. Versions of FreeRDP on the 3.x release branch before beta3 are subject to a Use-After-Free in processing `RDPGFX_CMDID_RESETGRAPHICS` packets. If `context-&gt;maxPlaneSize` is 0, `context-&gt;planesBuffer` will be freed. However, without updating `context-&gt;planesBuffer`, this leads to a Use-After-Free exploit vector. In most environments this should only result in a crash. This issue has been addressed in version 3.0.0-beta3 and users of the beta 3.x releases are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. Affected versions are subject to an Out-Of-Bounds Read in the `nsc_rle_decompress_data` function. The Out-Of-Bounds Read occurs because it processes `context-&gt;Planes` without checking if it contains data of sufficient length. Should an attacker be able to leverage this vulnerability they may be able to cause a crash. This issue has been addressed in versions 2.11.0 and 3.0.0-beta3. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. Affected versions are subject to a missing offset validation leading to Out Of Bound Read. In the `libfreerdp/codec/rfx.c` file there is no offset validation in `tile-&gt;quantIdxY`, `tile-&gt;quantIdxCb`, and `tile-&gt;quantIdxCr`. As a result crafted input can lead to an out of bounds read access which in turn will cause a crash. This issue has been addressed in versions 2.11.0 and 3.0.0-beta3. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. Affected versions are subject to an invalid offset validation leading to Out Of Bound Write. This can be triggered when the values `rect-&gt;left` and `rect-&gt;top` are exactly equal to `surface-&gt;width` and `surface-&gt;height`. eg. `rect-&gt;left` == `surface-&gt;width` &amp;&amp; `rect-&gt;top` == `surface-&gt;height`. In practice this should cause a crash. This issue has been addressed in versions 2.11.0 and 3.0.0-beta3. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. Affected versions of FreeRDP are subject to a Null Pointer Dereference leading a crash in the RemoteFX (rfx) handling. Inside the `rfx_process_message_tileset` function, the program allocates tiles using `rfx_allocate_tiles` for the number of numTiles. If the initialization process of tiles is not completed for various reasons, tiles will have a NULL pointer. Which may be accessed in further processing and would cause a program crash. This issue has been addressed in versions 2.11.0 and 3.0.0-beta3. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. This issue affects Clients only. Integer underflow leading to DOS (e.g. abort due to `WINPR_ASSERT` with default compilation flags). When an insufficient blockLen is provided, and proper length validation is not performed, an Integer Underflow occurs, leading to a Denial of Service (DOS) vulnerability. This issue has been addressed in versions 2.11.0 and 3.0.0-beta3. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
Apache Superset would allow for SQLite database connections to be incorrectly registered when an attacker uses alternative driver names like sqlite+pysqlite or by using database imports. This could allow for unexpected file creation on Superset webservers. Additionally, if Apache Superset is using a SQLite database for its metadata (not advised for production use) it could result in more severe vulnerabilities related to confidentiality and integrity. This vulnerability exists in Apache Superset versions up to and including 2.1.0.
By default, stack traces for errors were enabled, which resulted in the exposure of internal traces on REST API endpoints to users. This vulnerability exists in Apache Superset versions up to and including 2.1.0.
Improper Authentication vulnerability in Apache Ozone. The vulnerability allows an attacker to download metadata internal to the Storage Container Manager service without proper authentication. The attacker is not allowed to do any modification within the Ozone Storage Container Manager service using this vulnerability. The accessible metadata does not contain sensitive information that can be used to exploit the system later on, and the accessible data does not make it possible to gain access to actual user data within Ozone. This issue affects Apache Ozone: 1.2.0 and subsequent releases up until 1.3.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.4.0, which fixes the issue.
Faulty input validation in the core of Apache allows malicious or exploitable backend/content generators to split HTTP responses. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server: through 2.4.58.
Apache Traffic Server accepts characters that are not allowed for HTTP field names and forwards malformed requests to origin servers. This can be utilized for request smuggling and may also lead cache poisoning if the origin servers are vulnerable. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server: from 8.0.0 through 8.1.10, from 9.0.0 through 9.2.4. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 8.1.11 or 9.2.5, which fixes the issue.
An improper neutralization of input during web page generation ('Cross-site Scripting') [CWE-79] vulnerability in Apache Felix Healthcheck Webconsole Plugin version 2.0.2 and prior may allow an attacker to perform a reflected cross-site scripting (XSS) attack. Upgrade to Apache Felix Healthcheck Webconsole Plugin 2.1.0 or higher.
Azure Apache Hadoop Spoofing Vulnerability
Azure HDInsight Apache Ambari JDBC Injection Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
A security vulnerability in MICS Admin Portal in Ivanti MobileIron Sentry versions 9.18.0 and below, which may allow an attacker to bypass authentication controls on the administrative interface due to an insufficiently restrictive Apache HTTPD configuration.
If an attacker gains write access to the Apache Superset metadata database, they could persist a specifically crafted Python object that may lead to remote code execution on Superset's web backend. The Superset metadata db is an 'internal' component that is typically only accessible directly by the system administrator and the superset process itself. Gaining access to that database should be difficult and require significant privileges. This vulnerability impacts Apache Superset versions 1.5.0 up to and including 2.1.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.1.1 or later.
Apache Software Foundation Apache Submarine has an SQL injection vulnerability when a user logs in. This issue can result in unauthorized login. Now we have fixed this issue and now user must have the correct login to access workbench. This issue affects Apache Submarine: from 0.7.0 before 0.8.0. We recommend that all submarine users with 0.7.0 upgrade to 0.8.0, which not only fixes the issue, supports the oidc authentication mode, but also removes the case of unauthenticated logins. If using the version lower than 0.8.0 and not want to upgrade, you can try cherry-pick PR https://github.com/apache/submarine/pull/1037 https://github.com/apache/submarine/pull/1054 and rebuild the submarine-server image to fix this.
Java object deserialization issue in Jackrabbit webapp/standalone on all platforms allows attacker to remotely execute code via RMIVersions up to (including) 2.20.10 (stable branch) and 2.21.17 (unstable branch) use the component "commons-beanutils", which contains a class that can be used for remote code execution over RMI. Users are advised to immediately update to versions 2.20.11 or 2.21.18. Note that earlier stable branches (1.0.x .. 2.18.x) have been EOLd already and do not receive updates anymore. In general, RMI support can expose vulnerabilities by the mere presence of an exploitable class on the classpath. Even if Jackrabbit itself does not contain any code known to be exploitable anymore, adding other components to your server can expose the same type of problem. We therefore recommend to disable RMI access altogether (see further below), and will discuss deprecating RMI support in future Jackrabbit releases. How to check whether RMI support is enabledRMI support can be over an RMI-specific TCP port, and over an HTTP binding. Both are by default enabled in Jackrabbit webapp/standalone. The native RMI protocol by default uses port 1099. To check whether it is enabled, tools like "netstat" can be used to check. RMI-over-HTTP in Jackrabbit by default uses the path "/rmi". So when running standalone on port 8080, check whether an HTTP GET request on localhost:8080/rmi returns 404 (not enabled) or 200 (enabled). Note that the HTTP path may be different when the webapp is deployed in a container as non-root context, in which case the prefix is under the user's control. Turning off RMIFind web.xml (either in JAR/WAR file or in unpacked web application folder), and remove the declaration and the mapping definition for the RemoteBindingServlet: &lt;servlet&gt; &lt;servlet-name&gt;RMI&lt;/servlet-name&gt; &lt;servlet-class&gt;org.apache.jackrabbit.servlet.remote.RemoteBindingServlet&lt;/servlet-class&gt; &lt;/servlet&gt; &lt;servlet-mapping&gt; &lt;servlet-name&gt;RMI&lt;/servlet-name&gt; &lt;url-pattern&gt;/rmi&lt;/url-pattern&gt; &lt;/servlet-mapping&gt; Find the bootstrap.properties file (in $REPOSITORY_HOME), and set rmi.enabled=false and also remove rmi.host rmi.port rmi.url-pattern If there is no file named bootstrap.properties in $REPOSITORY_HOME, it is located somewhere in the classpath. In this case, place a copy in $REPOSITORY_HOME and modify it as explained.
The RocketMQ NameServer component still has a remote command execution vulnerability as the CVE-2023-33246 issue was not completely fixed in version 5.1.1. When NameServer address are leaked on the extranet and lack permission verification, an attacker can exploit this vulnerability by using the update configuration function on the NameServer component to execute commands as the system users that RocketMQ is running as. It is recommended for users to upgrade their NameServer version to 5.1.2 or above for RocketMQ 5.x or 4.9.7 or above for RocketMQ 4.x to prevent these attacks.
Insufficient input validation and sanitation in Weblog Category name, Website About and File Upload features in all versions of Apache Roller on all platforms allows an authenticated user to perform an XSS attack. Mitigation: if you do not have Roller configured for untrusted users, then you need to do nothing because you trust your users to author raw HTML and other web content. If you are running with untrusted users then you should upgrade to Roller 6.1.2 and you should disable Roller's File Upload feature.
Incorrect Authorization vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Pulsar Function Worker. This issue affects Apache Pulsar: before 2.10.4, and 2.11.0. Any authenticated user can retrieve a source's configuration or a sink's configuration without authorization. Many sources and sinks contain credentials in the configuration, which could lead to leaked credentials. This vulnerability is mitigated by the fact that there is not a known way for an authenticated user to enumerate another tenant's sources or sinks, meaning the source or sink name would need to be guessed in order to exploit this vulnerability. The recommended mitigation for impacted users is to upgrade the Pulsar Function Worker to a patched version. 2.10 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 2.10.4. 2.11 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 2.11.1. 3.0 Pulsar Function Worker users are unaffected. Any users running the Pulsar Function Worker for 2.9.* and earlier should upgrade to one of the above patched versions.
Improper Authentication vulnerability in Apache Pulsar WebSocket Proxy allows an attacker to connect to the /pingpong endpoint without authentication. This issue affects Apache Pulsar WebSocket Proxy: from 2.8.0 through 2.8.*, from 2.9.0 through 2.9.*, from 2.10.0 through 2.10.4, from 2.11.0 through 2.11.1, 3.0.0. The known risks include a denial of service due to the WebSocket Proxy accepting any connections, and excessive data transfer due to misuse of the WebSocket ping/pong feature. 2.10 Pulsar WebSocket Proxy users should upgrade to at least 2.10.5. 2.11 Pulsar WebSocket Proxy users should upgrade to at least 2.11.2. 3.0 Pulsar WebSocket Proxy users should upgrade to at least 3.0.1. 3.1 Pulsar WebSocket Proxy users are unaffected. Any users running the Pulsar WebSocket Proxy for 2.8, 2.9, and earlier should upgrade to one of the above patched versions.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow Apache Hive Provider. Patching on top of CVE-2023-35797 Before 6.1.2 the proxy_user option can also inject semicolon. This issue affects Apache Airflow Apache Hive Provider: before 6.1.2. It is recommended updating provider version to 6.1.2 in order to avoid this vulnerability.
Apache Airflow, in versions prior to 2.7.0, contains a security vulnerability that can be exploited by an authenticated user possessing Connection edit privileges. This vulnerability allows the user to access connection information and exploit the test connection feature by sending many requests, leading to a denial of service (DoS) condition on the server. Furthermore, malicious actors can leverage this vulnerability to establish harmful connections with the server. Users of Apache Airflow are strongly advised to upgrade to version 2.7.0 or newer to mitigate the risk associated with this vulnerability. Additionally, administrators are encouraged to review and adjust user permissions to restrict access to sensitive functionalities, reducing the attack surface.
Azure Apache Ambari Spoofing Vulnerability
Azure Apache Oozie Spoofing Vulnerability
Missing authentication in the internal data streaming system in ProLion CryptoSpike 3.0.15P2 allows remote unauthenticated users to read potentially sensitive information and deny service to users by directly reading and writing data in Apache Kafka (as consumer and producer).
Apache Airflow, versions before 2.6.3, has a vulnerability where an authenticated user can use crafted input to make the current request hang. It is recommended to upgrade to a version that is not affected
Apache NiFi 0.0.2 through 1.22.0 include Processors and Controller Services that support HTTP URL references for retrieving drivers, which allows an authenticated and authorized user to configure a location that enables custom code execution. The resolution introduces a new Required Permission for referencing remote resources, restricting configuration of these components to privileged users. The permission prevents unprivileged users from configuring Processors and Controller Services annotated with the new Reference Remote Resources restriction. Upgrading to Apache NiFi 1.23.0 is the recommended mitigation.
Azure HDInsight Apache Oozie Workflow Scheduler XXE Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
Improper REST API permission in Apache Superset up to and including 2.1.0 allows for an authenticated Gamma users to test network connections, possible SSRF.
An improper default REST API permission for Gamma users in Apache Superset up to and including 2.1.0 allows for an authenticated Gamma user to test database connections.
Apache Airflow, versions before 2.6.3, is affected by a vulnerability that allows unauthorized read access to a DAG through the URL. It is recommended to upgrade to a version that is not affected
Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache MINA. In SFTP servers implemented using Apache MINA SSHD that use a RootedFileSystem, logged users may be able to discover "exists/does not exist" information about items outside the rooted tree via paths including parent navigation ("..") beyond the root, or involving symlinks. This issue affects Apache MINA: from 1.0 before 2.10. Users are recommended to upgrade to 2.10
Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow ODBC Provider, Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow MSSQL Provider.This vulnerability is considered low since it requires DAG code to use `get_sqlalchemy_connection` and someone with access to connection resources specifically updating the connection to exploit it. This issue affects Apache Airflow ODBC Provider: before 4.0.0; Apache Airflow MSSQL Provider: before 3.4.1. It is recommended to upgrade to a version that is not affected
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow Hive Provider. This issue affects Apache Airflow Apache Hive Provider: before 6.1.1. Before version 6.1.1 it was possible to bypass the security check to RCE via principal parameter. For this to be exploited it requires access to modifying the connection details. It is recommended updating provider version to 6.1.1 in order to avoid this vulnerability.
Improper Control of Generation of Code ('Code Injection') vulnerability in Apache Hive. The vulnerability affects the Hive JDBC driver component and it can potentially lead to arbitrary code execution on the machine/endpoint that the JDBC driver (client) is running. The malicious user must have sufficient permissions to specify/edit JDBC URL(s) in an endpoint relying on the Hive JDBC driver and the JDBC client process must run under a privileged user to fully exploit the vulnerability. The attacker can setup a malicious HTTP server and specify a JDBC URL pointing towards this server. When a JDBC connection is attempted, the malicious HTTP server can provide a special response with customized payload that can trigger the execution of certain commands in the JDBC client.This issue affects Apache Hive: from 4.0.0-alpha-1 before 4.0.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 4.0.0, which fixes the issue.
Improper sanitisation in `main/inc/lib/fileUpload.lib.php` in Chamilo LMS &lt;= v1.11.20 on Windows and Apache installations allows unauthenticated attackers to bypass file upload security protections and obtain remote code execution via uploading of `.htaccess` file. This vulnerability may be exploited by privileged attackers or chained with unauthenticated arbitrary file write vulnerabilities, such as CVE-2023-3533, to achieve remote code execution.
Azure Apache Hive Spoofing Vulnerability
Improper Neutralization of Special Elements Used in an SQL Command ('SQL Injection') vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.4.0 through 1.7.0. In the toAuditCkSql method, the groupId, streamId, auditId, and dt are directly concatenated into the SQL query statement, which may lead to SQL injection attacks. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.8.0 or cherry-pick [1] to solve it. [1] https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/8198
In Apache Airflow, some potentially sensitive values were being shown to the user in certain situations. This vulnerability is mitigated by the fact configuration is not shown in the UI by default (only if `[webserver] expose_config` is set to `non-sensitive-only`), and not all uncensored values are actually sentitive. This issue affects Apache Airflow: from 2.5.0 before 2.6.2. Users are recommended to update to version 2.6.2 or later.
A regression in the fix for bug 66512 in Apache Tomcat 11.0.0-M5, 10.1.8, 9.0.74 and 8.5.88 meant that, if a response did not include any HTTP headers no AJP SEND_HEADERS messare woudl be sent for the response which in turn meant that at least one AJP proxy (mod_proxy_ajp) would use the response headers from the previous request leading to an information leak.
Apache Shiro, before 1.12.0 or 2.0.0-alpha-3, may be susceptible to a path traversal attack that results in an authentication bypass when used together with APIs or other web frameworks that route requests based on non-normalized requests. Mitigation: Update to Apache Shiro 1.12.0+ or 2.0.0-alpha-3+
The DBCPConnectionPool and HikariCPConnectionPool Controller Services in Apache NiFi 0.0.2 through 1.21.0 allow an authenticated and authorized user to configure a Database URL with the H2 driver that enables custom code execution. The resolution validates the Database URL and rejects H2 JDBC locations. You are recommended to upgrade to version 1.22.0 or later which fixes this issue.
Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Camel.This issue affects Apache Camel: from 3.X through &lt;=3.14.8, from 3.18.X through &lt;=3.18.7, from 3.20.X through &lt;= 3.20.5, from 4.X through &lt;= 4.0.0-M3. Users should upgrade to 3.14.9, 3.18.8, 3.20.6 or 3.21.0 and for users on Camel 4.x update to 4.0.0-M1
Deserialization of Untrusted Data Vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.4.0 through 1.7.0. The attacker could bypass the current logic and achieve arbitrary file reading. To solve it, users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.8.0 or cherry-pick https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/8130 .
Allocation of Resources Without Limits or Throttling vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Struts.This issue affects Apache Struts: through 2.5.30, through 6.1.2. Upgrade to Struts 2.5.31 or 6.1.2.1 or greater
Improper Neutralization of Argument Delimiters in a Command ('Argument Injection') vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow ODBC Provider. In OdbcHook, A privilege escalation vulnerability exists in a system due to controllable ODBC driver parameters that allow the loading of arbitrary dynamic-link libraries, resulting in command execution. Starting version 4.0.0 driver can be set only from the hook constructor. This issue affects Apache Airflow ODBC Provider: before 4.0.0.
Improper Authentication vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Accumulo. This issue affects Apache Accumulo: 2.1.0. Accumulo 2.1.0 contains a defect in the user authentication process that may succeed when invalid credentials are provided. Users are advised to upgrade to 2.1.1.
The JndiJmsConnectionFactoryProvider Controller Service, along with the ConsumeJMS and PublishJMS Processors, in Apache NiFi 1.8.0 through 1.21.0 allow an authenticated and authorized user to configure URL and library properties that enable deserialization of untrusted data from a remote location. The resolution validates the JNDI URL and restricts locations to a set of allowed schemes. You are recommended to upgrade to version 1.22.0 or later which fixes this issue.
Exposure of Resource to Wrong Sphere Vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.4.0 through 1.7.0. The attacker could use general users to delete and update the process, which only the admin can operate occurrences. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.8.0 or cherry-pick https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/8109 to solve it.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Use of TikaEncodingDetector in Apache Any23 can cause excessive memory usage.
Allocation of Resources Without Limits or Throttling vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Struts.This issue affects Apache Struts: through 2.5.30, through 6.1.2. Upgrade to Struts 2.5.31 or 6.1.2.1 or greater.
In Spring for Apache Kafka 3.0.9 and earlier and versions 2.9.10 and earlier, a possible deserialization attack vector existed, but only if unusual configuration was applied. An attacker would have to construct a malicious serialized object in one of the deserialization exception record headers. Specifically, an application is vulnerable when all of the following are true: * The user does not configure an ErrorHandlingDeserializer for the key and/or value of the record * The user explicitly sets container properties checkDeserExWhenKeyNull and/or checkDeserExWhenValueNull container properties to true. * The user allows untrusted sources to publish to a Kafka topic By default, these properties are false, and the container only attempts to deserialize the headers if an ErrorHandlingDeserializer is configured. The ErrorHandlingDeserializer prevents the vulnerability by removing any such malicious headers before processing the record.
Scylladb is a NoSQL data store using the seastar framework, compatible with Apache Cassandra. Authenticated users who are authorized to create tables in a keyspace can escalate their privileges to access a table in the same keyspace, even if they don't have permissions for that table. This issue has not yet been patched. A workaround to address this issue is to disable CREATE privileges on a keyspace, and create new tables on behalf of other users.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Traffic Server.This issue affects Apache Traffic Server: through 9.2.1.
Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Traffic Server.This issue affects Apache Traffic Server: from 8.0.0 through 9.2.0. 8.x users should upgrade to 8.1.7 or later versions 9.x users should upgrade to 9.2.1 or later versions
For RocketMQ versions 5.1.0 and below, under certain conditions, there is a risk of remote command execution. Several components of RocketMQ, including NameServer, Broker, and Controller, are leaked on the extranet and lack permission verification, an attacker can exploit this vulnerability by using the update configuration function to execute commands as the system users that RocketMQ is running as. Additionally, an attacker can achieve the same effect by forging the RocketMQ protocol content. To prevent these attacks, users are recommended to upgrade to version 5.1.1 or above for using RocketMQ 5.x or 4.9.6 or above for using RocketMQ 4.x .
Arbitrary code execution in Apache Airflow CNCF Kubernetes provider version 5.0.0 allows user to change xcom sidecar image and resources via Airflow connection. In order to exploit this weakness, a user would already need elevated permissions (Op or Admin) to change the connection object in this manner. Operators should upgrade to provider version 7.0.0 which has removed the vulnerability.
Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Johnzon. A malicious attacker can craft up some JSON input that uses large numbers (numbers such as 1e20000000) that Apache Johnzon will deserialize into BigDecimal and maybe use numbers too large which may result in a slow conversion (Denial of service risk). Apache Johnzon 1.2.21 mitigates this by setting a scale limit of 1000 (by default) to the BigDecimal. This issue affects Apache Johnzon: through 1.2.20.
An Incorrect authorisation check in SQLLab in Apache Superset versions up to and including 2.1.0. This vulnerability allows an authenticated user to query tables that they do not have proper access to within Superset. The vulnerability can be exploited by leveraging a SQL parsing vulnerability.
Openfire is an XMPP server licensed under the Open Source Apache License. Openfire's administrative console, a web-based application, was found to be vulnerable to a path traversal attack via the setup environment. This permitted an unauthenticated user to use the unauthenticated Openfire Setup Environment in an already configured Openfire environment to access restricted pages in the Openfire Admin Console reserved for administrative users. This vulnerability affects all versions of Openfire that have been released since April 2015, starting with version 3.10.0. The problem has been patched in Openfire release 4.7.5 and 4.6.8, and further improvements will be included in the yet-to-be released first version on the 4.8 branch (which is expected to be version 4.8.0). Users are advised to upgrade. If an Openfire upgrade isn&amp;#8217;t available for a specific release, or isn&amp;#8217;t quickly actionable, users may see the linked github advisory (GHSA-gw42-f939-fhvm) for mitigation advice.
There is insufficient restrictions of called script functions in Apache Jena versions 4.8.0 and earlier. It allows a remote user to execute javascript via a SPARQL query. This issue affects Apache Jena: from 3.7.0 through 4.8.0.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** The Apache Spark UI offers the possibility to enable ACLs via the configuration option spark.acls.enable. With an authentication filter, this checks whether a user has access permissions to view or modify the application. If ACLs are enabled, a code path in HttpSecurityFilter can allow someone to perform impersonation by providing an arbitrary user name. A malicious user might then be able to reach a permission check function that will ultimately build a Unix shell command based on their input, and execute it. This will result in arbitrary shell command execution as the user Spark is currently running as. This issue was disclosed earlier as CVE-2022-33891, but incorrectly claimed version 3.1.3 (which has since gone EOL) would not be affected. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. Users are recommended to upgrade to a supported version of Apache Spark, such as version 3.4.0.
A REST interface in Apache StreamPipes (versions 0.69.0 to 0.91.0) was not properly restricted to admin-only access. This allowed a non-admin user with valid login credentials to elevate privileges beyond the initially assigned roles. The issue is resolved by upgrading to StreamPipes 0.92.0.
Incorrect Permission Assignment for Critical Resource Vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.2.0 through 1.6.0. The attacker can bind any cluster, even if he is not the cluster owner. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.7.0 or cherry-pick [1] to solve it.[1] https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7947 https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7947
Incorrect Permission Assignment for Critical Resource Vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.2.0 through 1.6.0. The attacker can delete others' subscriptions, even if they are not the owner of the deleted subscription. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.7.0 or cherry-pick [1] to solve it. [1] https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7949 https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7949
Transmission of credentials within query parameters in Checkmk &lt;= 2.1.0p26, &lt;= 2.0.0p35, and &lt;= 2.2.0b6 (beta) may cause the automation user's secret to be written to the site Apache access log.
Exposure of Resource to Wrong Sphere Vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.4.0 through 1.6.0. Attackers can change the immutable name and type of nodes of InLong. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.7.0 or cherry-pick [1] to solve it. [1] https://cveprocess.apache.org/cve5/[1]%C2%A0https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7891 https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7891 https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7891
Out-of-bounds Read vulnerability in mod_macro of Apache HTTP Server.This issue affects Apache HTTP Server: through 2.4.57.
Exposure of Resource to Wrong Sphere Vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.4.0 through 1.6.0. Attackers can change the immutable name and type of cluster of InLong. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.7.0 or cherry-pick https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7891 https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7891 to solve it.
Insecure Default Initialization of Resource Vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.5.0 through 1.6.0. Users registered in InLong who joined later can see deleted users' data. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.7.0 or cherry-pick https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7836 https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7836 to solve it.
Weak Password Requirements vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.1.0 through 1.6.0. When users change their password to a simple password (with any character or symbol), attackers can easily guess the user's password and access the account. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.7.0 or cherry-pick https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7805 https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7805 to solve it.
Files or Directories Accessible to External Parties vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.4.0 through 1.6.0. Different users in InLong could delete, edit, stop, and start others' sources! Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.7.0 or cherry-pick https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7775 https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7775 to solve it.
Insufficient Session Expiration vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.4.0 through 1.6.0. An old session can be used by an attacker even after the user has been deleted or the password has been changed. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.7.0 or cherry-pick https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7836 https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7836 , https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7884 https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7884 to solve it.
Files or Directories Accessible to External Parties vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.2.0 through 1.6.0. the user in InLong could cancel an application that doesn't belongs to it. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.7.0 or cherry-pick https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7799 https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7799 to solve it.
Improper Privilege Management Vulnerabilities in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.2.0 through 1.6.0. When the attacker has access to a valid (but unprivileged) account, the exploit can be executed using Burp Suite by sending a login request and following it with a subsequent HTTP request using the returned cookie. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.7.0 or cherry-pick https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7836 https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7836 to solve it.
Deserialization of Untrusted Data Vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.4.0 through 1.6.0. Attackers would bypass the 'autoDeserialize' option filtering by adding blanks. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.7.0 or cherry-pick https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7674 https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7674 to solve it.
Security vulnerability in Apache bRPC &lt;1.5.0 on all platforms allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via ServerOptions::pid_file. An attacker that can influence the ServerOptions pid_file parameter with which the bRPC server is started can execute arbitrary code with the permissions of the bRPC process. Solution: 1. upgrade to bRPC &gt;= 1.5.0, download link: https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/release/brpc/1.5.0/ https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/release/brpc/1.5.0/ 2. If you are using an old version of bRPC and hard to upgrade, you can apply this patch: https://github.com/apache/brpc/pull/2218 https://github.com/apache/brpc/pull/2218
Improper Authentication vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Pulsar Broker allows a client to stay connected to a broker after authentication data expires if the client connected through the Pulsar Proxy when the broker is configured with authenticateOriginalAuthData=false or if a client connects directly to a broker with a specially crafted connect command when the broker is configured with authenticateOriginalAuthData=false. This issue affects Apache Pulsar: through 2.9.4, from 2.10.0 through 2.10.3, 2.11.0. 2.9 Pulsar Broker users should upgrade to at least 2.9.5. 2.10 Pulsar Broker users should upgrade to at least 2.10.4. 2.11 Pulsar Broker users should upgrade to at least 2.11.1. 3.0 Pulsar Broker users are unaffected. Any users running the Pulsar Broker for 2.8.* and earlier should upgrade to one of the above patched versions.
An authenticated user with specific data permissions could access database connections stored passwords by requesting a specific REST API. This issue affects Apache Superset version 1.3.0 up to 2.0.1.
Incorrect Authorization vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache IoTDB.This issue affects the iotdb-web-workbench component on 0.13.3. iotdb-web-workbench is an optional component of IoTDB, providing a web console of the database. This problem is fixed from version 0.13.4 of iotdb-web-workbench onwards.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Traffic Server. The configuration option proxy.config.http.push_method_enabled didn't function. However, by default the PUSH method is blocked in the ip_allow configuration file.This issue affects Apache Traffic Server: from 8.0.0 through 9.2.0. 8.x users should upgrade to 8.1.7 or later versions 9.x users should upgrade to 9.2.1 or later versions
Privilege escalation when enabling FQL/Audit logs allows user with JMX access to run arbitrary commands as the user running Apache Cassandra This issue affects Apache Cassandra: from 4.0.0 through 4.0.9, from 4.1.0 through 4.1.1. WORKAROUND The vulnerability requires nodetool/JMX access to be exploitable, disable access for any non-trusted users. MITIGATION Upgrade to 4.0.10 or 4.1.2 and leave the new FQL/Auditlog configuration property allow_nodetool_archive_command as false.
Apache Guacamole 0.9.10 through 1.5.1 may continue to reference a freed RDP audio input buffer. Depending on timing, this may allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code with the privileges of the guacd process.
Apache Guacamole 1.5.1 and older may incorrectly calculate the lengths of instruction elements sent during the Guacamole protocol handshake, potentially allowing an attacker to inject Guacamole instructions during the handshake through specially-crafted data.
Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in an SQL Command ('SQL Injection') vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.4.0 through 1.5.0. By manipulating the "orderType" parameter and the ordering of the returned content using an SQL injection attack, an attacker can extract the username of the user with ID 1 from the "user" table, one character at a time. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's 1.6.0 or cherry-pick [1] to solve it. https://programmer.help/blogs/jdbc-deserialization-vulnerability-learning.html [1] https://github.com/apache/inlong/issues/7529 https://github.com/apache/inlong/issues/7529
Incorrect Authorization vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Pulsar. This issue affects Apache Pulsar: before 2.10.4, and 2.11.0. When a client connects to the Pulsar Function Worker via the Pulsar Proxy where the Pulsar Proxy uses mTLS authentication to authenticate with the Pulsar Function Worker, the Pulsar Function Worker incorrectly performs authorization by using the Proxy's role for authorization instead of the client's role, which can lead to privilege escalation, especially if the proxy is configured with a superuser role. The recommended mitigation for impacted users is to upgrade the Pulsar Function Worker to a patched version. 2.10 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 2.10.4. 2.11 Pulsar Function Worker users should upgrade to at least 2.11.1. 3.0 Pulsar Function Worker users are unaffected. Any users running the Pulsar Function Worker for 2.9.* and earlier should upgrade to one of the above patched versions.
Incorrect Authorization vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Pulsar Broker's Rest Producer allows authenticated user with a custom HTTP header to produce a message to any topic using the broker's admin role. This issue affects Apache Pulsar Brokers: from 2.9.0 through 2.9.5, from 2.10.0 before 2.10.4, 2.11.0. The vulnerability is exploitable when an attacker can connect directly to the Pulsar Broker. If an attacker is connecting through the Pulsar Proxy, there is no known way to exploit this authorization vulnerability. There are two known risks for affected users. First, an attacker could produce garbage messages to any topic in the cluster. Second, an attacker could produce messages to the topic level policies topic for other tenants and influence topic settings that could lead to exfiltration and/or deletion of messages for other tenants. 2.8 Pulsar Broker users and earlier are unaffected. 2.9 Pulsar Broker users should upgrade to one of the patched versions. 2.10 Pulsar Broker users should upgrade to at least 2.10.4. 2.11 Pulsar Broker users should upgrade to at least 2.11.1. 3.0 Pulsar Broker users are unaffected.
Task instance details page in the UI is vulnerable to a stored XSS.This issue affects Apache Airflow: before 2.6.0.
An attacker who has gained access to an admin account can perform RCE via null-byte injection Vendor: The Apache Software Foundation Versions Affected: Apache OpenMeetings from 2.0.0 before 7.1.0
A deserialization vulnerability existed when decode a malicious package.This issue affects Apache Dubbo: from 3.1.0 through 3.1.10, from 3.2.0 through 3.2.4. Users are recommended to upgrade to the latest version, which fixes the issue.
In Apache Linkis &lt;=1.3.1, because the parameters are not effectively filtered, the attacker uses the MySQL data source and malicious parameters to configure a new data source to trigger a deserialization vulnerability, eventually leading to remote code execution. Versions of Apache Linkis &lt;= 1.3.0 will be affected. We recommend users upgrade the version of Linkis to version 1.3.2.
In Apache Linkis &lt;=1.3.1, due to the lack of effective filtering of parameters, an attacker configuring malicious Mysql JDBC parameters in JDBC EengineConn Module will trigger a deserialization vulnerability and eventually lead to remote code execution. Therefore, the parameters in the Mysql JDBC URL should be blacklisted. Versions of Apache Linkis &lt;= 1.3.0 will be affected. We recommend users upgrade the version of Linkis to version 1.3.2.
In Apache Kylin version 2.0.0 to 4.0.3, there is a Server Config web interface that displays the content of file 'kylin.properties', that may contain serverside credentials. When the kylin service runs over HTTP (or other plain text protocol), it is possible for network sniffers to hijack the HTTP payload and get access to the content of kylin.properties and potentially the containing credentials. To avoid this threat, users are recommended to * Always turn on HTTPS so that network payload is encrypted. * Avoid putting credentials in kylin.properties, or at least not in plain text. * Use network firewalls to protect the serverside such that it is not accessible to external attackers. * Upgrade to version Apache Kylin 4.0.4, which filters out the sensitive content that goes to the Server Config web interface.
An attacker that has gained access to certain private information can use this to act as other user. Vendor: The Apache Software Foundation Versions Affected: Apache OpenMeetings from 3.1.3 before 7.1.0
hap-wi/roxy-wi is a web interface for managing Haproxy, Nginx, Apache and Keepalived servers. A Path Traversal vulnerability was found in the current version of Roxy-WI (6.3.9.0 at the moment of writing this report). The vulnerability can be exploited via an HTTP request to /app/options.py and the config_file_name parameter. Successful exploitation of this vulnerability could allow an attacker with user level privileges to obtain the content of arbitrary files on the file server within the scope of what the server process has access to. The root-cause of the vulnerability lies in the get_config function of the /app/modules/config/config.py file, which only checks for relative path traversal, but still allows to read files from absolute locations passed via the config_file_name parameter.
Attacker can access arbitrary recording/room Vendor: The Apache Software Foundation Versions Affected: Apache OpenMeetings from 2.0.0 before 7.1.0
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in a Command ('Command Injection') vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache UIMA DUCC. When using the "Distributed UIMA Cluster Computing" (DUCC) module of Apache UIMA, an authenticated user that has the permissions to modify core entities can cause command execution as the system user that runs the web process. As the "Distributed UIMA Cluster Computing" module for UIMA is retired, we do not plan to release a fix for this issue. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability in Apache ShardingSphere-Agent, which allows attackers to execute arbitrary code by constructing a special YAML configuration file. The attacker needs to have permission to modify the ShardingSphere Agent YAML configuration file on the target machine, and the target machine can access the URL with the arbitrary code JAR. An attacker can use SnakeYAML to deserialize java.net.URLClassLoader and make it load a JAR from a specified URL, and then deserialize javax.script.ScriptEngineManager to load code using that ClassLoader. When the ShardingSphere JVM process starts and uses the ShardingSphere-Agent, the arbitrary code specified by the attacker will be executed during the deserialization of the YAML configuration file by the Agent. This issue affects ShardingSphere-Agent: through 5.3.2. This vulnerability is fixed in Apache ShardingSphere 5.4.0.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow Spark Provider.This issue affects Apache Airflow Spark Provider: before 4.0.1.
The fix for CVE-2023-24998 was incomplete for Apache Tomcat 11.0.0-M2 to 11.0.0-M4, 10.1.5 to 10.1.7, 9.0.71 to 9.0.73 and 8.5.85 to 8.5.87. If non-default HTTP connector settings were used such that the maxParameterCount could be reached using query string parameters and a request was submitted that supplied exactly maxParameterCount parameters in the query string, the limit for uploaded request parts could be bypassed with the potential for a denial of service to occur.
When using the RemoteIpFilter with requests received from a reverse proxy via HTTP that include the X-Forwarded-Proto header set to https, session cookies created by Apache Tomcat 11.0.0-M1 to 11.0.0.-M2, 10.1.0-M1 to 10.1.5, 9.0.0-M1 to 9.0.71 and 8.5.0 to 8.5.85 did not include the secure attribute. This could result in the user agent transmitting the session cookie over an insecure channel.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow Drill Provider.This issue affects Apache Airflow Drill Provider: before 2.3.2.
Improper Control of Generation of Code ('Code Injection') vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow Hive Provider.This issue affects Apache Airflow Hive Provider: before 6.0.0.
mod_auth_openidc is an authentication and authorization module for the Apache 2.x HTTP server that implements the OpenID Connect Relying Party functionality. In versions 2.0.0 through 2.4.13.1, when `OIDCStripCookies` is set and a crafted cookie supplied, a NULL pointer dereference would occur, resulting in a segmentation fault. This could be used in a Denial-of-Service attack and thus presents an availability risk. Version 2.4.13.2 contains a patch for this issue. As a workaround, avoid using `OIDCStripCookies`.
Vendor: The Apache Software Foundation Versions Affected: Apache OpenMeetings from 2.0.0 before 7.0.0 Description: Attacker can elevate their privileges in any room
Privilege escalation via stored XSS using the file upload service to upload malicious content. The issue can be exploited only by authenticated users which can create directory name to inject some XSS content and gain some privileges such admin user.
In Apache Linkis &lt;=1.3.1, due to the default token generated by Linkis Gateway deployment being too simple, it is easy for attackers to obtain the default token for the attack. Generation rules should add random values. We recommend users upgrade the version of Linkis to version 1.3.2 And modify the default token value. You can refer to Token authorization[1] https://linkis.apache.org/docs/latest/auth/token https://linkis.apache.org/docs/latest/auth/token
Jenkins 2.393 and earlier, LTS 2.375.3 and earlier uses the Apache Commons FileUpload library without specifying limits for the number of request parts introduced in version 1.5 for CVE-2023-24998 in org.kohsuke.stapler.RequestImpl, allowing attackers to trigger a denial of service.
Jenkins 2.393 and earlier, LTS 2.375.3 and earlier uses the Apache Commons FileUpload library without specifying limits for the number of request parts introduced in version 1.5 for CVE-2023-24998 in hudson.util.MultipartFormDataParser, allowing attackers to trigger a denial of service.
Apache Airflow Sqoop Provider, versions before 4.0.0, is affected by a vulnerability that allows an attacker pass parameters with the connections, which makes it possible to implement RCE attacks via &amp;#8216;sqoop import --connect&amp;#8217;, obtain airflow server permissions, etc. The attacker needs to be logged in and have authorization (permissions) to create/edit connections. It is recommended to upgrade to a version that is not affected. This issue was reported independently by happyhacking-k, And Xie Jianming and LiuHui of Caiji Sec Team also reported it.
In Apache Linkis &lt;=1.3.1, due to the Manager module engineConn material upload does not check the zip path, This is a Zip Slip issue, which will lead to a potential RCE vulnerability. We recommend users upgrade the version of Linkis to version 1.3.2.
In Apache Linkis &lt;=1.3.1, The PublicService module uploads files without restrictions on the path to the uploaded files, and file types. We recommend users upgrade the version of Linkis to version 1.3.2. For versions &lt;=1.3.1, we suggest turning on the file path check switch in linkis.properties `wds.linkis.workspace.filesystem.owner.check=true` `wds.linkis.workspace.filesystem.path.check=true`
A non Admin authenticated user could incorrectly create resources using the import charts feature, on Apache Superset up to and including 2.1.0.
An authenticated user with Gamma role authorization could have access to metadata information using non trivial methods in Apache Superset up to and including 2.0.1
Session Validation attacks in Apache Superset versions up to and including 2.0.1. Installations that have not altered the default configured SECRET_KEY according to installation instructions allow for an attacker to authenticate and access unauthorized resources. This does not affect Superset administrators who have changed the default value for SECRET_KEY config. All superset installations should always set a unique secure random SECRET_KEY. Your SECRET_KEY is used to securely sign all session cookies and encrypting sensitive information on the database. Add a strong SECRET_KEY to your `superset_config.py` file like: SECRET_KEY = &lt;YOUR_OWN_RANDOM_GENERATED_SECRET_KEY&gt; Alternatively you can set it with `SUPERSET_SECRET_KEY` environment variable.
Improper data authorization check on Jinja templated queries in Apache Superset up to and including 2.1.0 allows for an authenticated user to issue queries on database tables they may not have access to.
HTTP Response Smuggling vulnerability in Apache HTTP Server via mod_proxy_uwsgi. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server: from 2.4.30 through 2.4.55. Special characters in the origin response header can truncate/split the response forwarded to the client.
Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong. It could be triggered by authenticated users of InLong, you could refer to [1] to know more about this vulnerability. This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.1.0 through 1.5.0. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's latest version or cherry-pick [2] to solve it. [1] https://programmer.help/blogs/jdbc-deserialization-vulnerability-learning.html https://programmer.help/blogs/jdbc-deserialization-vulnerability-learning.html [2] https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7422 https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7422
Excessive Iteration vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Sling Resource Merger.This issue affects Apache Sling Resource Merger: from 1.2.0 before 1.4.2.
CWE-502 Deserialization of Untrusted Data at the rabbitmq-connector plugin module in Apache EventMesh (incubating) V1.7.0\V1.8.0 on windows\linux\mac os e.g. platforms allows attackers to send controlled message and remote code execute via rabbitmq messages. Users can use the code under the master branch in project repo to fix this issue, we will release the new version as soon as possible.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** When using the Chainsaw or SocketAppender components with Log4j 1.x on JRE less than 1.7, an attacker that manages to cause a logging entry involving a specially-crafted (ie, deeply nested) hashmap or hashtable (depending on which logging component is in use) to be processed could exhaust the available memory in the virtual machine and achieve Denial of Service when the object is deserialized. This issue affects Apache Log4j before 2. Affected users are recommended to update to Log4j 2.x. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
Apache James server version 3.7.3 and earlier provides a JMX management service without authentication by default. This allows privilege escalation by a malicious local user. Administrators are advised to disable JMX, or set up a JMX password. Note that version 3.7.4 onward will set up a JMX password automatically for Guice users.
Design documents with matching document IDs, from databases on the same cluster, may share a mutable Javascript environment when using these design document functions: * validate_doc_update * list * filter * filter views (using view functions as filters) * rewrite * update This doesn't affect map/reduce or search (Dreyfus) index functions. Users are recommended to upgrade to a version that is no longer affected by this issue (Apache CouchDB 3.3.2 or 3.2.3). Workaround: Avoid using design documents from untrusted sources which may attempt to cache or store data in the Javascript environment.
Relative library resolution in linux container-executor binary in Apache Hadoop 3.3.1-3.3.4 on Linux allows local user to gain root privileges. If the YARN cluster is accepting work from remote (authenticated) users, this MAY permit remote users to gain root privileges. Hadoop 3.3.0 updated the " YARN Secure Containers https://hadoop.apache.org/docs/stable/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-site/SecureContainer.html " to add a feature for executing user-submitted applications in isolated linux containers. The native binary HADOOP_HOME/bin/container-executor is used to launch these containers; it must be owned by root and have the suid bit set in order for the YARN processes to run the containers as the specific users submitting the jobs. The patch " YARN-10495 https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/YARN-10495 . make the rpath of container-executor configurable" modified the library loading path for loading .so files from "$ORIGIN/" to ""$ORIGIN/:../lib/native/". This is the a path through which libcrypto.so is located. Thus it is is possible for a user with reduced privileges to install a malicious libcrypto library into a path to which they have write access, invoke the container-executor command, and have their modified library executed as root. If the YARN cluster is accepting work from remote (authenticated) users, and these users' submitted job are executed in the physical host, rather than a container, then the CVE permits remote users to gain root privileges. The fix for the vulnerability is to revert the change, which is done in YARN-11441 https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/YARN-11441 , "Revert YARN-10495". This patch is in hadoop-3.3.5. To determine whether a version of container-executor is vulnerable, use the readelf command. If the RUNPATH or RPATH value contains the relative path "./lib/native/" then it is at risk $ readelf -d container-executor|grep 'RUNPATH\|RPATH' 0x000000000000001d (RUNPATH) Library runpath: [$ORIGIN/:../lib/native/] If it does not, then it is safe: $ readelf -d container-executor|grep 'RUNPATH\|RPATH' 0x000000000000001d (RUNPATH) Library runpath: [$ORIGIN/] For an at-risk version of container-executor to enable privilege escalation, the owner must be root and the suid bit must be set $ ls -laF /opt/hadoop/bin/container-executor ---Sr-s---. 1 root hadoop 802968 May 9 20:21 /opt/hadoop/bin/container-executor A safe installation lacks the suid bit; ideally is also not owned by root. $ ls -laF /opt/hadoop/bin/container-executor -rwxr-xr-x. 1 yarn hadoop 802968 May 9 20:21 /opt/hadoop/bin/container-executor This configuration does not support Yarn Secure Containers, but all other hadoop services, including YARN job execution outside secure containers continue to work.
Generation of Error Message Containing Sensitive Information vulnerability in the Apache Airflow AWS Provider. This issue affects Apache Airflow AWS Provider versions before 7.2.1.
Mod_gnutls is a TLS module for Apache HTTPD based on GnuTLS. Versions from 0.9.0 to 0.12.0 (including) did not properly fail blocking read operations on TLS connections when the transport hit timeouts. Instead it entered an endless loop retrying the read operation, consuming CPU resources. This could be exploited for denial of service attacks. If trace level logging was enabled, it would also produce an excessive amount of log output during the loop, consuming disk space. The problem has been fixed in commit d7eec4e598158ab6a98bf505354e84352f9715ec, please update to version 0.12.1. There are no workarounds, users who cannot update should apply the errno fix detailed in the security advisory.
Roxy-WI is a Web interface for managing Haproxy, Nginx, Apache, and Keepalived servers. Versions prior to 6.3.5.0 have a limited path traversal vulnerability. An SSH key can be saved into an unintended location, for example the `/tmp` folder using a payload `../../../../../tmp/test111_dev`. This issue has been fixed in version 6.3.5.0.
Roxy-WI is a Web interface for managing Haproxy, Nginx, Apache, and Keepalived servers. Versions prior to 6.3.5.0 have a directory traversal vulnerability that allows the inclusion of server-side files. This issue is fixed in version 6.3.5.0.
Roxy-WI is a Web interface for managing Haproxy, Nginx, Apache, and Keepalived servers. Versions prior to 6.3.6.0 don't correctly neutralize `dir/../filename` sequences, such as `/etc/nginx/../passwd`, allowing an actor to gain information about a server. Version 6.3.6.0 has a patch for this issue.
Privilege Context Switching Error vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow.This issue affects Apache Airflow: before 2.6.0.
There exists an SSRF (Server-Side Request Forgery) vulnerability located at the /sandbox/proxyGateway endpoint. This vulnerability allows us to manipulate arbitrary requests and retrieve corresponding responses by inputting any URL into the requestUrl parameter. Of particular concern is our ability to exert control over the HTTP method, cookies, IP address, and headers. This effectively grants us the capability to dispatch complete HTTP requests to hosts of our choosing. This issue affects Apache ShenYu: 2.5.1. Upgrade to Apache ShenYu 2.6.0 or apply patch https://github.com/apache/shenyu/pull/4776 .
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in the Apache Airflow Hive Provider. This issue affects Apache Airflow Hive Provider versions before 5.1.3.
Generation of Error Message Containing Sensitive Information vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow.This issue affects Apache Airflow: before 2.5.2.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in the Apache Airflow Sqoop Provider. This issue affects Apache Airflow Sqoop Provider versions before 3.1.1.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in the Apache Airflow Google Provider. This issue affects Apache Airflow Google Provider versions before 8.10.0.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in the Apache Airflow Google Provider. This issue affects Apache Airflow Google Provider versions before 8.10.0.
Some mod_proxy configurations on Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.0 through 2.4.55 allow a HTTP Request Smuggling attack. Configurations are affected when mod_proxy is enabled along with some form of RewriteRule or ProxyPassMatch in which a non-specific pattern matches some portion of the user-supplied request-target (URL) data and is then re-inserted into the proxied request-target using variable substitution. For example, something like: RewriteEngine on RewriteRule "^/here/(.*)" "http://example.com:8080/elsewhere?$1"; [P] ProxyPassReverse /here/ http://example.com:8080/ Request splitting/smuggling could result in bypass of access controls in the proxy server, proxying unintended URLs to existing origin servers, and cache poisoning. Users are recommended to update to at least version 2.4.56 of Apache HTTP Server.
Privilege Escalation vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Sling. Any content author is able to create i18n dictionaries in the repository in a location the author has write access to. As these translations are used across the whole product, it allows an author to change any text or dialog in the product. For example an attacker might fool someone by changing the text on a delete button to "Info". This issue affects the i18n module of Apache Sling up to version 2.5.18. Version 2.6.2 and higher limit by default i18m dictionaries to certain paths in the repository (/libs and /apps). Users of the module are advised to update to version 2.6.2 or higher, check the configuration for resource loading and then adjust the access permissions for the configured path accordingly.
An LDAP Injection vulnerability exists in the LdapIdentityBackend of Apache Kerby before 2.0.3.
On version 3.0.0 through 3.1.1, Apache DolphinScheduler's python gateway suffered from improper authentication: an attacker could use a socket bytes attack without authentication. This issue has been fixed from version 3.1.2 onwards. For users who use version 3.0.0 to 3.1.1, you can turn off the python-gateway function by changing the value `python-gateway.enabled=false` in configuration file `application.yaml`. If you are using the python gateway, please upgrade to version 3.1.2 or above.
Dell NetWorker versions 19.5 and earlier contain 'Apache Tomcat' version disclosure vulnerability. A NetWorker server user with remote access to NetWorker clients may potentially exploit this vulnerability and may launch target-specific attacks.
A malicious actor who has been authenticated and granted specific permissions in Apache Superset may use the import dataset feature in order to conduct Server-Side Request Forgery attacks and query internal resources on behalf of the server where Superset is deployed. This vulnerability exists in Apache Superset versions up to and including 2.0.1.
Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in an SQL Command ('SQL Injection') vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation apache fineract. Authorized users may be able to exploit this for limited impact on components. This issue affects apache fineract: from 1.4 through 1.8.2.
Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in an SQL Command ('SQL Injection') vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Fineract. Authorized users may be able to change or add data in certain components. This issue affects Apache Fineract: from 1.4 through 1.8.2.
Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Fineract. Authorized users with limited permissions can gain access to server and may be able to use server for any outbound traffic. This issue affects Apache Fineract: from 1.4 through 1.8.3.
A possible security vulnerability has been identified in Apache Kafka Connect API. This requires access to a Kafka Connect worker, and the ability to create/modify connectors on it with an arbitrary Kafka client SASL JAAS config and a SASL-based security protocol, which has been possible on Kafka Connect clusters since Apache Kafka Connect 2.3.0. When configuring the connector via the Kafka Connect REST API, an authenticated operator can set the `sasl.jaas.config` property for any of the connector's Kafka clients to "com.sun.security.auth.module.JndiLoginModule", which can be done via the `producer.override.sasl.jaas.config`, `consumer.override.sasl.jaas.config`, or `admin.override.sasl.jaas.config` properties. This will allow the server to connect to the attacker's LDAP server and deserialize the LDAP response, which the attacker can use to execute java deserialization gadget chains on the Kafka connect server. Attacker can cause unrestricted deserialization of untrusted data (or) RCE vulnerability when there are gadgets in the classpath. Since Apache Kafka 3.0.0, users are allowed to specify these properties in connector configurations for Kafka Connect clusters running with out-of-the-box configurations. Before Apache Kafka 3.0.0, users may not specify these properties unless the Kafka Connect cluster has been reconfigured with a connector client override policy that permits them. Since Apache Kafka 3.4.0, we have added a system property ("-Dorg.apache.kafka.disallowed.login.modules") to disable the problematic login modules usage in SASL JAAS configuration. Also by default "com.sun.security.auth.module.JndiLoginModule" is disabled in Apache Kafka Connect 3.4.0. We advise the Kafka Connect users to validate connector configurations and only allow trusted JNDI configurations. Also examine connector dependencies for vulnerable versions and either upgrade their connectors, upgrading that specific dependency, or removing the connectors as options for remediation. Finally, in addition to leveraging the "org.apache.kafka.disallowed.login.modules" system property, Kafka Connect users can also implement their own connector client config override policy, which can be used to control which Kafka client properties can be overridden directly in a connector config and which cannot.
Apache Sling JCR Base &lt; 3.1.12 has a critical injection vulnerability when running on old JDK versions (JDK 1.8.191 or earlier) through utility functions in RepositoryAccessor. The functions getRepository and getRepositoryFromURL allow an application to access data stored in a remote location via JDNI and RMI. Users of Apache Sling JCR Base are recommended to upgrade to Apache Sling JCR Base 3.1.12 or later, or to run on a more recent JDK.
Apache Commons FileUpload before 1.5 does not limit the number of request parts to be processed resulting in the possibility of an attacker triggering a DoS with a malicious upload or series of uploads. Note that, like all of the file upload limits, the new configuration option (FileUploadBase#setFileCountMax) is not enabled by default and must be explicitly configured.
Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.1.0 through 1.5.0. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's latest version or cherry-pick https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7223 https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7223 to solve it.
Out-of-bounds Read vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache InLong.This issue affects Apache InLong: from 1.1.0 through 1.5.0. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong's latest version or cherry-pick https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7214 https://github.com/apache/inlong/pull/7214 to solve it.
Improper Authentication vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache IoTDB.This issue affects Apache IoTDB Grafana Connector: from 0.13.0 through 0.13.3. Attackers could login without authorization. This is fixed in 0.13.4.
Improper Authentication vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache IoTDB.This issue affects iotdb-web-workbench component: from 0.13.0 before 0.13.3.
Incorrect Authorization vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache IoTDB.This issue affects the iotdb-web-workbench component from 0.13.0 before 0.13.3. iotdb-web-workbench is an optional component of IoTDB, providing a web console of the database. This problem is fixed from version 0.13.3 of iotdb-web-workbench onwards.
TYPO3 is a free and open source Content Management Framework released under the GNU General Public License. In affected versions the TYPO3 core component `GeneralUtility::getIndpEnv()` uses the unfiltered server environment variable `PATH_INFO`, which allows attackers to inject malicious content. In combination with the TypoScript setting `config.absRefPrefix=auto`, attackers can inject malicious HTML code to pages that have not been rendered and cached, yet. As a result, injected values would be cached and delivered to other website visitors (persisted cross-site scripting). Individual code which relies on the resolved value of `GeneralUtility::getIndpEnv('SCRIPT_NAME')` and corresponding usages (as shown below) are vulnerable as well. Additional investigations confirmed that at least Apache web server deployments using CGI (FPM, FCGI/FastCGI, and similar) are affected. However, there still might be the risk that other scenarios like nginx, IIS, or Apache/mod_php are vulnerable. The usage of server environment variable `PATH_INFO` has been removed from corresponding processings in `GeneralUtility::getIndpEnv()`. Besides that, the public property `TypoScriptFrontendController::$absRefPrefix` is encoded for both being used as a URI component and for being used as a prefix in an HTML context. This mitigates the cross-site scripting vulnerability. Users are advised to update to TYPO3 versions 8.7.51 ELTS, 9.5.40 ELTS, 10.4.35 LTS, 11.5.23 LTS and 12.2.0 which fix this problem. For users who are unable to patch in a timely manner the TypoScript setting `config.absRefPrefix` should at least be set to a static path value, instead of using auto - e.g. `config.absRefPrefix=/`. This workaround **does not fix all aspects of the vulnerability**, and is just considered to be an intermediate mitigation to the most prominent manifestation.
A deserialization vulnerability existed when dubbo generic invoke, which could lead to malicious code execution. This issue affects Apache Dubbo 2.7.x version 2.7.21 and prior versions; Apache Dubbo 3.0.x version 3.0.13 and prior versions; Apache Dubbo 3.1.x version 3.1.5 and prior versions.
Azure Apache Ambari Spoofing Vulnerability
In Apache Spark versions prior to 3.4.0, applications using spark-submit can specify a 'proxy-user' to run as, limiting privileges. The application can execute code with the privileges of the submitting user, however, by providing malicious configuration-related classes on the classpath. This affects architectures relying on proxy-user, for example those using Apache Livy to manage submitted applications. Update to Apache Spark 3.4.0 or later, and ensure that spark.submit.proxyUser.allowCustomClasspathInClusterMode is set to its default of "false", and is not overridden by submitted applications.
Apache Airflow, versions before 2.6.3, is affected by a vulnerability that allows an attacker to cause a service disruption by manipulating the run_id parameter. This vulnerability is considered low since it requires an authenticated user to exploit it. It is recommended to upgrade to a version that is not affected
Apache Airflow, versions before 2.6.3, is affected by a vulnerability that allows an attacker to perform unauthorized file access outside the intended directory structure by manipulating the run_id parameter. This vulnerability is considered low since it requires an authenticated user to exploit it. It is recommended to upgrade to a version that is not affected
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow JDBC Provider. Airflow JDBC Provider Connection&amp;#8217;s [Connection URL] parameters had no restrictions, which made it possible to implement RCE attacks via different type JDBC drivers, obtain airflow server permission. This issue affects Apache Airflow JDBC Provider: before 4.0.0.
Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in a Command ('Command Injection') vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow, Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow MySQL Provider.This issue affects Apache Airflow: before 2.5.1; Apache Airflow MySQL Provider: before 4.0.0.
An improper neutralization of input during web page generation ('Cross-site Scripting') [CWE-79] vulnerability in Sling App CMS version 1.1.4 and prior may allow an authenticated remote attacker to perform a reflected cross-site scripting (XSS) attack in multiple features. Upgrade to Apache Sling App CMS &gt;= 1.1.6
The ExtractCCDAAttributes Processor in Apache NiFi 1.2.0 through 1.19.1 does not restrict XML External Entity references. Flow configurations that include the ExtractCCDAAttributes Processor are vulnerable to malicious XML documents that contain Document Type Declarations with XML External Entity references. The resolution disables Document Type Declarations and disallows XML External Entity resolution in the ExtractCCDAAttributes Processor.
There is insufficient checking of user queries in Apache Jena versions 4.7.0 and earlier, when invoking custom scripts. It allows a remote user to execute arbitrary javascript via a SPARQL query.
When using Apache Shiro before 1.11.0 together with Spring Boot 2.6+, a specially crafted HTTP request may cause an authentication bypass. The authentication bypass occurs when Shiro and Spring Boot are using different pattern-matching techniques. Both Shiro and Spring Boot &lt; 2.6 default to Ant style pattern matching. Mitigation: Update to Apache Shiro 1.11.0, or set the following Spring Boot configuration value: `spring.mvc.pathmatch.matching-strategy = ant_path_matcher`
Insecure temporary file creation in bitrix/modules/crm/lib/order/import/instagram.php in Bitrix24 22.0.300 hosted on Apache HTTP Server allows remote authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary code via uploading a crafted ".htaccess" file.
Coverity versions prior to 2023.3.2 are vulnerable to forced browsing, which exposes authenticated resources to unauthorized actors. The root cause of this vulnerability is an insecurely configured servlet mapping for the underlying Apache Tomcat server. As a result, the downloads directory and its contents are accessible. 5.9 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:L/E:P/RL:O/RC:C)
A flaw was found in the Libreoffice package. An attacker can craft an odb containing a "database/script" file with a SCRIPT command where the contents of the file could be written to a new file whose location was determined by the attacker.
In Eclipse BIRT, starting from version 2.6.2, the default configuration allowed to retrieve a report from the same host using an absolute HTTP path for the report parameter (e.g. __report=http://xyz.com/report.rptdesign). If the host indicated in the __report parameter matched the HTTP Host header value, the report would be retrieved. However, the Host header can be tampered with on some configurations where no virtual hosts are put in place (e.g. in the default configuration of Apache Tomcat) or when the default host points to the BIRT server. This vulnerability was patched on Eclipse BIRT 4.13.
Multiple Zoho ManageEngine on-premise products, such as ServiceDesk Plus through 14003, allow remote code execution due to use of Apache Santuario xmlsec (aka XML Security for Java) 1.4.1, because the xmlsec XSLT features, by design in that version, make the application responsible for certain security protections, and the ManageEngine applications did not provide those protections. This affects Access Manager Plus before 4308, Active Directory 360 before 4310, ADAudit Plus before 7081, ADManager Plus before 7162, ADSelfService Plus before 6211, Analytics Plus before 5150, Application Control Plus before 10.1.2220.18, Asset Explorer before 6983, Browser Security Plus before 11.1.2238.6, Device Control Plus before 10.1.2220.18, Endpoint Central before 10.1.2228.11, Endpoint Central MSP before 10.1.2228.11, Endpoint DLP before 10.1.2137.6, Key Manager Plus before 6401, OS Deployer before 1.1.2243.1, PAM 360 before 5713, Password Manager Pro before 12124, Patch Manager Plus before 10.1.2220.18, Remote Access Plus before 10.1.2228.11, Remote Monitoring and Management (RMM) before 10.1.41. ServiceDesk Plus before 14004, ServiceDesk Plus MSP before 13001, SupportCenter Plus before 11026, and Vulnerability Manager Plus before 10.1.2220.18. Exploitation is only possible if SAML SSO has ever been configured for a product (for some products, exploitation requires that SAML SSO is currently active).
Improper input validation in the Apache Sling Commons JSON bundle allows an attacker to trigger unexpected errors by supplying specially-crafted input. The org.apache.sling.commons.json bundle has been deprecated as of March 2017 and should not be used anymore. Consumers are encouraged to consider the Apache Sling Commons Johnzon OSGi bundle provided by the Apache Sling project, but may of course use other JSON libraries.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Apache Zeppelin SAP.This issue affects Apache Zeppelin SAP: from 0.8.0 before 0.11.0. As this project is retired, we do not plan to release a version that fixes this issue. Users are recommended to find an alternative or restrict access to the instance to trusted users. For more information, the fix already was merged in the source code but Zeppelin decided to retire the SAP component NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
Apache OpenOffice documents can contain links that call internal macros with arbitrary arguments. Several URI Schemes are defined for this purpose. Links can be activated by clicks, or by automatic document events. The execution of such links must be subject to user approval. In the affected versions of OpenOffice, approval for certain links is not requested; when activated, such links could therefore result in arbitrary script execution.
Arbitrary file reading vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache OFBiz when using the Solr plugin. This is a pre-authentication attack. This issue affects Apache OFBiz: before 18.12.07.
URL Redirection to Untrusted Site ('Open Redirect') vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Helix UI component.This issue affects Apache Helix all releases from 0.8.0 to 1.0.4. Solution: removed the the forward component since it was improper designed for UI embedding. User please upgrade to 1.1.0 to fix this issue.
Improper input validation vulnerability on the range header in Apache Software Foundation Apache Traffic Server.This issue affects Apache Traffic Server: through 9.2.1.
Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Traffic Server.This issue affects Apache Traffic Server: 8.0.0 to 9.2.0.
A carefully crafted request on several JSPWiki plugins could trigger an XSS vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki, which could allow the attacker to execute javascript in the victim's browser and get some sensitive information about the victim. Apache JSPWiki users should upgrade to 2.12.0 or later.
An Improper Neutralization of Input During Web Page Generation ('Cross-site Scripting') vulnerability in Apache Zeppelin allows logged-in users to execute arbitrary javascript in other users' browsers. This issue affects Apache Zeppelin before 0.8.2. Users are recommended to upgrade to a supported version of Zeppelin.
An improper neutralization of input during web page generation ('Cross-site Scripting') [CWE-79] vulnerability in Sling App CMS version 1.1.2 and prior may allow an authenticated remote attacker to perform a reflected cross-site scripting (XSS) attack in the site group feature. Upgrade to Apache Sling App CMS &gt;= 1.1.4
Improper Restriction of XML External Entity Reference, XML Injection (aka Blind XPath Injection) vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Ivy.This issue affects any version of Apache Ivy prior to 2.5.2. When Apache Ivy prior to 2.5.2 parses XML files - either its own configuration, Ivy files or Apache Maven POMs - it will allow downloading external document type definitions and expand any entity references contained therein when used. This can be used to exfiltrate data, access resources only the machine running Ivy has access to or disturb the execution of Ivy in different ways. Starting with Ivy 2.5.2 DTD processing is disabled by default except when parsing Maven POMs where the default is to allow DTD processing but only to include a DTD snippet shipping with Ivy that is needed to deal with existing Maven POMs that are not valid XML files but are nevertheless accepted by Maven. Access can be be made more lenient via newly introduced system properties where needed. Users of Ivy prior to version 2.5.2 can use Java system properties to restrict processing of external DTDs, see the section about "JAXP Properties for External Access restrictions" inside Oracle's "Java API for XML Processing (JAXP) Security Guide".
Apache Airflow, versions before 2.6.3, is affected by a vulnerability that allows an unauthorized actor to gain access to sensitive information in Connection edit view. This vulnerability is considered low since it requires someone with access to Connection resources specifically updating the connection to exploit it. Users should upgrade to version 2.6.3 or later which has removed the vulnerability.
Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in a Command ('Command Injection') vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow Hive Provider.This issue affects Apache Airflow Hive Provider: before 5.0.0.
A vulnerability was found in pig-vector and classified as problematic. Affected by this issue is the function LogisticRegression of the file src/main/java/org/apache/mahout/pig/LogisticRegression.java. The manipulation leads to insecure temporary file. The attack needs to be approached locally. The name of the patch is 1e7bd9fab5401a2df18d2eabd802adcf0dcf1f15. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216500.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Apache Tapestry 3.x allows deserialization of untrusted data, leading to remote code execution. This issue is similar to but distinct from CVE-2020-17531, which applies the the (also unsupported) 4.x version line. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects Apache Tapestry version line 3.x, which is no longer supported by the maintainer. Users are recommended to upgrade to a supported version line of Apache Tapestry.
Apache StreamPark 1.0.0 before 2.0.0 When the user successfully logs in, to modify his profile, the username will be passed to the server-layer as a parameter, but not verified whether the user name is the currently logged user and whether the user is legal, This will allow malicious attackers to send any username to modify and reset the account, Users of the affected versions should upgrade to Apache StreamPark 2.0.0 or later.
A SSRF vulnerability in parsing the href attribute of XOP:Include in MTOM requests in versions of Apache CXF before 3.5.5 and 3.4.10 allows an attacker to perform SSRF style attacks on webservices that take at least one parameter of any type.
A vulnerability in Apache CXF before versions 3.5.5 and 3.4.10 allows an attacker to perform a remote directory listing or code exfiltration. The vulnerability only applies when the CXFServlet is configured with both the static-resources-list and redirect-query-check attributes. These attributes are not supposed to be used together, and so the vulnerability can only arise if the CXF service is misconfigured.
Broad access controls could allow site users to directly interact with the system Apache installation when providing the reverse proxy configurations for Tribe29's Checkmk &lt;= 2.1.0p6, Checkmk &lt;= 2.0.0p27, and all versions of Checkmk 1.6.0 (EOL) allowing an attacker to perform remote code execution with root privileges on the underlying host.
Akeneo PIM is an open source Product Information Management (PIM). Akeneo PIM Community Edition versions before v5.0.119 and v6.0.53 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary PHP code on the server by uploading a crafted image. Akeneo PIM Community Edition after the versions aforementioned provides patched Apache HTTP server configuration file, for docker setup and in documentation sample, to fix this vulnerability. Community Edition users must change their Apache HTTP server configuration accordingly to be protected. The patch for Cloud Based Akeneo PIM Services customers has been applied since 30th October 2022. Users are advised to upgrade. Users unable to upgrade may Replace any reference to `&lt;FilesMatch \.php$&gt;` in their apache httpd configurations with: `&lt;Location "/index.php"&gt;`.
Usage of temporary files with insecure permissions by the Apache James server allows an attacker with local access to access private user data in transit. Vulnerable components includes the SMTP stack and IMAP APPEND command. This issue affects Apache James server version 3.7.2 and prior versions.
Improper neutralization of special elements used in an LDAP query ('LDAP Injection') vulnerability in ActiveDirectory and Sharepoint ActiveDirectory authority connectors of Apache ManifoldCF allows an attacker to manipulate the LDAP search queries (DoS, additional queries, filter manipulation) during user lookup, if the username or the domain string are passed to the UserACLs servlet without validation. This issue affects Apache ManifoldCF version 2.23 and prior versions.
Improper validation of script alert plugin parameters in Apache DolphinScheduler to avoid remote command execution vulnerability. This issue affects Apache DolphinScheduler version 3.0.1 and prior versions; version 3.1.0 and prior versions. This attack can be performed only by authenticated users which can login to DS.
SpringEL injection in the metrics source in Apache Ambari version 2.7.0 to 2.7.6 allows a malicious authenticated user to execute arbitrary code remotely. Users are recommended to upgrade to 2.7.7.
Streampark allows any users to upload a jar as application, but there is no mandatory verification of the uploaded file type, causing users to upload some high-risk files, and may upload them to any directory, Users of the affected versions should upgrade to Apache StreamPark 2.0.0 or later
Apache StreamPark 1.0.0 to 2.0.0 have a LDAP injection vulnerability. LDAP Injection is an attack used to exploit web based applications that construct LDAP statements based on user input. When an application fails to properly sanitize user input, it's possible to modify LDAP statements through techniques similar to SQL Injection. LDAP injection attacks could result in the granting of permissions to unauthorized queries, and content modification inside the LDAP tree. This risk may only occur when the user logs in with ldap, and the user name and password login will not be affected, Users of the affected versions should upgrade to Apache StreamPark 2.0.0 or later.
Unproper laxist permissions on the temporary files used by MIME4J TempFileStorageProvider may lead to information disclosure to other local users. This issue affects Apache James MIME4J version 0.8.8 and prior versions. We recommend users to upgrade to MIME4j version 0.8.9 or later.
missing input validation in Apache Hama may cause information disclosure through path traversal and XSS. Since Apache Hama is EOL, we do not expect these issues to be fixed.
Alarm instance management has command injection when there is a specific command configured. It is only for logged-in users. We recommend you upgrade to version 2.0.6 or higher
When explicitly enabling the feature flag DASHBOARD_CACHE (disabled by default), the system allowed for an unauthenticated user to access dashboard configuration metadata using a REST API Get endpoint. This issue affects Apache Superset version 1.5.2 and prior versions and version 2.0.0.
In Apache Airflow versions prior to 2.4.3, there was an open redirect in the webserver's `/login` endpoint.
Jenkins Pipeline Utility Steps Plugin 2.13.1 and earlier does not restrict the set of enabled prefix interpolators and bundles versions of Apache Commons Configuration library that enable the 'file:' prefix interpolator by default, allowing attackers able to configure Pipelines to read arbitrary files from the Jenkins controller file system.
In the default configuration of Apache SOAP, an RPCRouterServlet is available without authentication. This gives an attacker the possibility to invoke methods on the classpath that meet certain criteria. Depending on what classes are available on the classpath this might even lead to arbitrary remote code execution. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
Apache ShardingSphere-Proxy prior to 5.3.0 when using MySQL as database backend didn't cleanup the database session completely after client authentication failed, which allowed an attacker to execute normal commands by constructing a special MySQL client. This vulnerability has been fixed in Apache ShardingSphere 5.3.0.
The JsonErrorReportValve in Apache Tomcat 8.5.83, 9.0.40 to 9.0.68 and 10.1.0-M1 to 10.1.1 did not escape the type, message or description values. In some circumstances these are constructed from user provided data and it was therefore possible for users to supply values that invalidated or manipulated the JSON output.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Apache Jena SDB 3.17.0 and earlier is vulnerable to a JDBC Deserialisation attack if the attacker is able to control the JDBC URL used or cause the underlying database server to return malicious data. The mySQL JDBC driver in particular is known to be vulnerable to this class of attack. As a result an application using Apache Jena SDB can be subject to RCE when connected to a malicious database server. Apache Jena SDB has been EOL since December 2020 and users should migrate to alternative options e.g. Apache Jena TDB 2.
Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in an SQL Command ('SQL Injection') vulnerability in Apache Cocoon.This issue affects Apache Cocoon: from 2.2.0 before 2.3.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.3.0, which fixes the issue.
The SlingRequestDispatcher doesn't correctly implement the RequestDispatcher API resulting in a generic type of include-based cross-site scripting issues on the Apache Sling level. The vulnerability is exploitable by an attacker that is able to include a resource with specific content-type and control the include path (i.e. writing content). The impact of a successful attack is privilege escalation to administrative power. Please update to Apache Sling Engine &gt;= 2.14.0 and enable the "Check Content-Type overrides" configuration option.
Authenticated users with appropriate privileges can create policies having expressions that can exploit code execution vulnerability. This issue affects Apache Ranger: 2.3.0. Users are recommended to update to version 2.4.0.
Class org.apache.sshd.server.keyprovider.SimpleGeneratorHostKeyProvider in Apache MINA SSHD &lt;= 2.9.1 uses Java deserialization to load a serialized java.security.PrivateKey. The class is one of several implementations that an implementor using Apache MINA SSHD can choose for loading the host keys of an SSH server.
Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache XML Graphics Batik.This issue affects Apache XML Graphics Batik: 1.16. A malicious SVG can probe user profile / data and send it directly as parameter to a URL.
Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache XML Graphics Batik.This issue affects Apache XML Graphics Batik: 1.16. On version 1.16, a malicious SVG could trigger loading external resources by default, causing resource consumption or in some cases even information disclosure. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.17 or later.
In Apache Linkis &lt;=1.3.0 when used with the MySQL Connector/J, a deserialization vulnerability with possible remote code execution impact exists when an attacker has write access to a database and configures new datasource with a MySQL data source and malicious parameters. Therefore, the parameters in the jdbc url should be blacklisted. Versions of Apache Linkis &lt;= 1.3.0 will be affected. We recommend users to upgrade the version of Linkis to version 1.3.1.
In Apache Linkis &lt;=1.3.0 when used with the MySQL Connector/J in the data source module, an authenticated attacker could read arbitrary local files by connecting a rogue MySQL server, By adding allowLoadLocalInfile to true in the JDBC parameter. Therefore, the parameters in the JDBC URL should be blacklisted. Versions of Apache Linkis &lt;= 1.3.0 will be affected. We recommend users upgrade the version of Linkis to version 1.3.1
Apache Fineract allowed an authenticated user to perform remote code execution due to a path traversal vulnerability in a file upload component of Apache Fineract, allowing an attacker to run remote code. This issue affects Apache Fineract version 1.8.0 and prior versions. We recommend users to upgrade to 1.8.1.
In Apache Airflow versions prior to 2.4.2, there was an open redirect in the webserver's `/confirm` endpoint.
In Apache Airflow versions prior to 2.4.2, the "Trigger DAG with config" screen was susceptible to XSS attacks via the `origin` query argument.
Apache IoTDB version 0.12.2 to 0.12.6, 0.13.0 to 0.13.2 are vulnerable to a Denial of Service attack when accepting untrusted patterns for REGEXP queries with Java 8. Users should upgrade to 0.13.3 which addresses this issue or use a later version of Java to avoid it.
An authenticated attacker with update datasets permission could change a dataset link to an untrusted site, users could be redirected to this site when clicking on that specific dataset. This issue affects Apache Superset version 1.5.2 and prior versions and version 2.0.0.
An authenticated attacker with write CSS template permissions can create a record with specific HTML tags that will not get properly escaped by the toast message displayed when a user deletes that specific CSS template record. This issue affects Apache Superset version 1.5.2 and prior versions and version 2.0.0.
Two legacy REST API endpoints for approval and request access are vulnerable to cross site request forgery. This issue affects Apache Superset version 1.5.2 and prior versions and version 2.0.0.
Upload data forms do not correctly render user input leading to possible XSS attack vectors that can be performed by authenticated users with database connection update permissions. This issue affects Apache Superset version 1.5.2 and prior versions and version 2.0.0.
Dashboard rendering does not sufficiently sanitize the content of markdown components leading to possible XSS attack vectors that can be performed by authenticated users with create dashboard permissions. This issue affects Apache Superset version 1.5.2 and prior versions and version 2.0.0.
In libexpat through 2.4.9, there is a use-after free caused by overeager destruction of a shared DTD in XML_ExternalEntityParserCreate in out-of-memory situations.
An improper neutralization of input during web page generation ('Cross-site Scripting') [CWE-79] vulnerability in Sling App CMS version 1.1.0 and prior may allow an authenticated remote attacker to perform a reflected cross site scripting (XSS) attack in the taxonomy management feature.
Apache Commons BCEL has a number of APIs that would normally only allow changing specific class characteristics. However, due to an out-of-bounds writing issue, these APIs can be used to produce arbitrary bytecode. This could be abused in applications that pass attacker-controllable data to those APIs, giving the attacker more control over the resulting bytecode than otherwise expected. Update to Apache Commons BCEL 6.6.0.
A vulnerability in Batik of Apache XML Graphics allows an attacker to run Java code from untrusted SVG via JavaScript. This issue affects Apache XML Graphics prior to 1.16. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 1.16.
Apache Commons Text performs variable interpolation, allowing properties to be dynamically evaluated and expanded. The standard format for interpolation is "${prefix:name}", where "prefix" is used to locate an instance of org.apache.commons.text.lookup.StringLookup that performs the interpolation. Starting with version 1.5 and continuing through 1.9, the set of default Lookup instances included interpolators that could result in arbitrary code execution or contact with remote servers. These lookups are: - "script" - execute expressions using the JVM script execution engine (javax.script) - "dns" - resolve dns records - "url" - load values from urls, including from remote servers Applications using the interpolation defaults in the affected versions may be vulnerable to remote code execution or unintentional contact with remote servers if untrusted configuration values are used. Users are recommended to upgrade to Apache Commons Text 1.10.0, which disables the problematic interpolators by default.
Improper Privilege Management vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache ShenYu. ShenYu Admin allows low-privilege low-level administrators create users with higher privileges than their own. This issue affects Apache ShenYu: 2.5.0. Upgrade to Apache ShenYu 2.5.1 or apply patch https://github.com/apache/shenyu/pull/3958 https://github.com/apache/shenyu/pull/3958 .
Apache Flume versions 1.4.0 through 1.10.1 are vulnerable to a remote code execution (RCE) attack when a configuration uses a JMS Source with an unsafe providerURL. This issue is fixed by limiting JNDI to allow only the use of the java protocol or no protocol.
When running in prototype mode, the h2 webconsole module (accessible from the Prototype menu) is automatically made available with the ability to directly query the database. It was felt that it is safer to require the developer to explicitly enable this capability. As of 2.0.0-M8, this can now be done using the 'isis.prototyping.h2-console.web-allow-remote-access' configuration property; the web console will be unavailable without setting this configuration. As an additional safeguard, the new 'isis.prototyping.h2-console.generate-random-web-admin-password' configuration parameter (enabled by default) requires that the administrator use a randomly generated password to use the console. The password is printed to the log, as "webAdminPass: xxx" (where "xxx") is the password. To revert to the original behaviour, the administrator would therefore need to set these configuration parameter: isis.prototyping.h2-console.web-allow-remote-access=true isis.prototyping.h2-console.generate-random-web-admin-password=false Note also that the h2 webconsole is never available in production mode, so these safeguards are only to ensure that the webconsole is secured by default also in prototype mode.
Prior to 2.0.0-M9, it was possible for an end-user to set the value of an editable string property of a domain object to a value that would be rendered unchanged when the value was saved. In particular, the end-user could enter javascript or similar and this would be executed. As of this release, the inputted strings are properly escaped when rendered.
If Apache Tomcat 8.5.0 to 8.5.82, 9.0.0-M1 to 9.0.67, 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.26 or 10.1.0-M1 to 10.1.0 was configured to ignore invalid HTTP headers via setting rejectIllegalHeader to false (the default for 8.5.x only), Tomcat did not reject a request containing an invalid Content-Length header making a request smuggling attack possible if Tomcat was located behind a reverse proxy that also failed to reject the request with the invalid header.
SpringEL injection in the server agent in Apache Ambari version 2.7.0 to 2.7.6 allows a malicious authenticated user to execute arbitrary code remotely. Users are recommended to upgrade to 2.7.7.
A vulnerability in Batik of Apache XML Graphics allows an attacker to run untrusted Java code from an SVG. This issue affects Apache XML Graphics prior to 1.16. It is recommended to update to version 1.16.
A vulnerability in the SQL Alchemy connector of Apache Superset allows an authenticated user with read access to a specific database to add subqueries to the WHERE and HAVING fields referencing tables on the same database that the user should not have access to, despite the user having the feature flag "ALLOW_ADHOC_SUBQUERY" disabled (default value). This issue affects Apache Superset version 1.5.2 and prior versions and version 2.0.0.
In Apache Airflow, prior to version 2.4.1, deactivating a user wouldn't prevent an already authenticated user from being able to continue using the UI or API.
The optional Global Search feature for Sage 300 through version 2022 uses a set of hard-coded credentials for the accompanying Apache Solr instance. This issue could allow attackers to login to the Solr dashboard with admin privileges and access sensitive information.
Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in an OS Command ('OS Command Injection') vulnerability in Apache Airflow Hive Provider, Apache Airflow allows an attacker to execute arbtrary commands in the task execution context, without write access to DAG files. This issue affects Hive Provider versions prior to 4.1.0. It also impacts any Apache Airflow versions prior to 2.3.0 in case HIve Provider is installed (Hive Provider 4.1.0 can only be installed for Airflow 2.3.0+). Note that you need to manually install the HIve Provider version 4.1.0 in order to get rid of the vulnerability on top of Airflow 2.3.0+ version that has lower version of the Hive Provider installed).
In versions of Apache InLong prior to 1.3.0, an attacker with sufficient privileges to specify MySQL JDBC connection URL parameters and to write arbitrary data to the MySQL database, could cause this data to be deserialized by Apache InLong, potentially leading to Remote Code Execution on the Apache InLong server. Users are advised to upgrade to Apache InLong 1.3.0 or newer.
Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in an OS Command ('OS Command Injection') vulnerability in Apache Airflow Spark Provider, Apache Airflow allows an attacker to read arbtrary files in the task execution context, without write access to DAG files. This issue affects Spark Provider versions prior to 4.0.0. It also impacts any Apache Airflow versions prior to 2.3.0 in case Spark Provider is installed (Spark Provider 4.0.0 can only be installed for Airflow 2.3.0+). Note that you need to manually install the Spark Provider version 4.0.0 in order to get rid of the vulnerability on top of Airflow 2.3.0+ version that has lower version of the Spark Provider installed).
In Apache Airflow 2.3.0 through 2.3.4, there was an open redirect in the webserver's `/confirm` endpoint.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability for the xdebug plugin in Apache Software Foundation Apache Traffic Server can lead to cross site scripting and cache poisoning attacks.This issue affects Apache Traffic Server: 9.0.0 to 9.1.3. Users should upgrade to 9.1.4 or later versions.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** An Improper Restriction of XML External Entity Reference vulnerability in RPCRouterServlet of Apache SOAP allows an attacker to read arbitrary files over HTTP. This issue affects Apache SOAP version 2.2 and later versions. It is unknown whether previous versions are also affected. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
Apache Shiro before 1.10.0, Authentication Bypass Vulnerability in Shiro when forwarding or including via RequestDispatcher.
In Apache Airflow 2.3.0 through 2.3.4, part of a url was unnecessarily formatted, allowing for possible information extraction.
Users with write permissions to a repository can delete arbitrary directories.
If anonymous read enabled, it's possible to read the database file directly without logging in.
Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in an OS Command ('OS Command Injection') vulnerability in Apache Airflow Pig Provider, Apache Airflow allows an attacker to control commands executed in the task execution context, without write access to DAG files. This issue affects Pig Provider versions prior to 4.0.0. It also impacts any Apache Airflow versions prior to 2.3.0 in case Pig Provider is installed (Pig Provider 4.0.0 can only be installed for Airflow 2.3.0+). Note that you need to manually install the Pig Provider version 4.0.0 in order to get rid of the vulnerability on top of Airflow 2.3.0+ version.
Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) vulnerability in Batik of Apache XML Graphics allows an attacker to access files using a Jar url. This issue affects Apache XML Graphics Batik 1.14.
This vulnerable is about a potential code injection when an attacker has control of the target LDAP server using in the JDBC JNDI URL. The function jaas.modules.src.main.java.porg.apache.karaf.jass.modules.jdbc.JDBCUtils#doCreateDatasource use InitialContext.lookup(jndiName) without filtering. An user can modify `options.put(JDBCUtils.DATASOURCE, "osgi:" + DataSource.class.getName());` to `options.put(JDBCUtils.DATASOURCE,"jndi:rmi://x.x.x.x:xxxx/Command");` in JdbcLoginModuleTest#setup. This is vulnerable to a remote code execution (RCE) attack when a configuration uses a JNDI LDAP data source URI when an attacker has control of the target LDAP server.This issue affects all versions of Apache Karaf up to 4.4.1 and 4.3.7. We encourage the users to upgrade to Apache Karaf at least 4.4.2 or 4.3.8
A vulnerability in Example Dags of Apache Airflow allows an attacker with UI access who can trigger DAGs, to execute arbitrary commands via manually provided run_id parameter. This issue affects Apache Airflow Apache Airflow versions prior to 2.4.0.
In Apache Linkis &lt;=1.2.0 when used with the MySQL Connector/J, a deserialization vulnerability with possible remote code execution impact exists when an attacker has write access to a database and configures a JDBC EC with a MySQL data source and malicious parameters. Therefore, the parameters in the jdbc url should be blacklisted. Versions of Apache Linkis &lt;= 1.2.0 will be affected, We recommend users to update to 1.3.0.
A deserialization vulnerability existed in dubbo hessian-lite 3.2.12 and its earlier versions, which could lead to malicious code execution. This issue affects Apache Dubbo 2.7.x version 2.7.17 and prior versions; Apache Dubbo 3.0.x version 3.0.11 and prior versions; Apache Dubbo 3.1.x version 3.1.0 and prior versions.
Apache Calcite 1.22.0 introduced the SQL operators EXISTS_NODE, EXTRACT_XML, XML_TRANSFORM and EXTRACT_VALUE do not restrict XML External Entity references in their configuration, making them vulnerable to a potential XML External Entity (XXE) attack. Therefore any client exposing these operators, typically by using Oracle dialect (the first three) or MySQL dialect (the last one), is affected by this vulnerability (the extent of it will depend on the user under which the application is running). From Apache Calcite 1.32.0 onwards, Document Type Declarations and XML External Entity resolution are disabled on the impacted operators.
Apache OpenOffice versions before 4.1.14 may be configured to add an empty entry to the Java class path. This may lead to run arbitrary Java code from the current directory.
Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in an OS Command ('OS Command Injection') vulnerability in Apache Airflow Pinot Provider, Apache Airflow allows an attacker to control commands executed in the task execution context, without write access to DAG files. This issue affects Apache Airflow Pinot Provider versions prior to 4.0.0. It also impacts any Apache Airflow versions prior to 2.3.0 in case Apache Airflow Pinot Provider is installed (Apache Airflow Pinot Provider 4.0.0 can only be installed for Airflow 2.3.0+). Note that you need to manually install the Pinot Provider version 4.0.0 in order to get rid of the vulnerability on top of Airflow 2.3.0+ version.
Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) vulnerability in Batik of Apache XML Graphics allows an attacker to fetch external resources. This issue affects Apache XML Graphics Batik 1.14.
Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) vulnerability in Batik of Apache XML Graphics allows an attacker to load a url thru the jar protocol. This issue affects Apache XML Graphics Batik 1.14.
Apache IoTDB grafana-connector version 0.13.0 contains an interface without authorization, which may expose the internal structure of database. Users should upgrade to version 0.13.1 which addresses this issue.
Apache IoTDB version 0.13.0 is vulnerable by session id attack. Users should upgrade to version 0.13.1 which addresses this issue.
Apache Airflow Docker's Provider prior to 3.0.0 shipped with an example DAG that was vulnerable to (authenticated) remote code exploit of code on the Airflow worker host.
In Apache Airflow prior to 2.3.4, an insecure umask was configured for numerous Airflow components when running with the `--daemon` flag which could result in a race condition giving world-writable files in the Airflow home directory and allowing local users to expose arbitrary file contents via the webserver.
In Apache Airflow versions 2.2.4 through 2.3.3, the `database` webserver session backend was susceptible to session fixation.
When Apache Ivy downloads artifacts from a repository it stores them in the local file system based on a user-supplied "pattern" that may include placeholders for artifacts coordinates like the organisation, module or version. If said coordinates contain "../" sequences - which are valid characters for Ivy coordinates in general - it is possible the artifacts are stored outside of Ivy's local cache or repository or can overwrite different artifacts inside of the local cache. In order to exploit this vulnerability an attacker needs collaboration by the remote repository as Ivy will issue http requests containing ".." sequences and a "normal" repository will not interpret them as part of the artifact coordinates. Users of Apache Ivy 2.0.0 to 2.5.1 should upgrade to Ivy 2.5.1.
With Apache Ivy 2.4.0 an optional packaging attribute has been introduced that allows artifacts to be unpacked on the fly if they used pack200 or zip packaging. For artifacts using the "zip", "jar" or "war" packaging Ivy prior to 2.5.1 doesn't verify the target path when extracting the archive. An archive containing absolute paths or paths that try to traverse "upwards" using ".." sequences can then write files to any location on the local fie system that the user executing Ivy has write access to. Ivy users of version 2.4.0 to 2.5.0 should upgrade to Ivy 2.5.1.
Prior to Apache HTTP Server 2.4.55, a malicious backend can cause the response headers to be truncated early, resulting in some headers being incorporated into the response body. If the later headers have any security purpose, they will not be interpreted by the client.
Apache ShenYu Admin has insecure permissions, which may allow low-privilege administrators to modify high-privilege administrator's passwords. This issue affects Apache ShenYu 2.4.2 and 2.4.3.
Apache OpenOffice supports the storage of passwords for web connections in the user's configuration database. The stored passwords are encrypted with a single master key provided by the user. A flaw in OpenOffice existed where master key was poorly encoded resulting in weakening its entropy from 128 to 43 bits making the stored passwords vulnerable to a brute force attack if an attacker has access to the users stored config. This issue affects: Apache OpenOffice versions prior to 4.1.13. Reference: CVE-2022-26307 - LibreOffice
Apache OpenOffice supports the storage of passwords for web connections in the user's configuration database. The stored passwords are encrypted with a single master key provided by the user. A flaw in OpenOffice existed where the required initialization vector for encryption was always the same which weakens the security of the encryption making them vulnerable if an attacker has access to the user's configuration data. This issue affects: Apache OpenOffice versions prior to 4.1.13. Reference: CVE-2022-26306 - LibreOffice
Improper Check for Unusual or Exceptional Conditions vulnerability in handling the requests to Apache Traffic Server. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 8.0.0 to 9.1.2.
Apache Geode versions prior to 1.15.0 are vulnerable to a deserialization of untrusted data flaw when using REST API on Java 8 or Java 11. Any user wishing to protect against deserialization attacks involving REST APIs should upgrade to Apache Geode 1.15 and follow the documentation for details on enabling "validate-serializable-objects=true" and specifying any user classes that may be serialized/deserialized with "serializable-object-filter". Enabling "validate-serializable-objects" may impact performance.
Apache Geode versions up to 1.12.2 and 1.13.2 are vulnerable to a deserialization of untrusted data flaw when using JMX over RMI on Java 11. Any user wishing to protect against deserialization attacks involving JMX or RMI should upgrade to Apache Geode 1.15. Use of 1.15 on Java 11 will automatically protect JMX over RMI against deserialization attacks. This should have no impact on performance since it only affects JMX/RMI which Gfsh uses to communicate with the JMX Manager which is hosted on a Locator.
Apache Geode versions up to 1.12.5, 1.13.4 and 1.14.0 are vulnerable to a deserialization of untrusted data flaw when using JMX over RMI on Java 8. Any user still on Java 8 who wishes to protect against deserialization attacks involving JMX or RMI should upgrade to Apache Geode 1.15 and Java 11. If upgrading to Java 11 is not possible, then upgrade to Apache Geode 1.15 and specify "--J=-Dgeode.enableGlobalSerialFilter=true" when starting any Locators or Servers. Follow the documentation for details on specifying any user classes that may be serialized/deserialized with the "serializable-object-filter" configuration option. Using a global serial filter will impact performance.
Inconsistent Interpretation of HTTP Requests ('HTTP Request Smuggling') vulnerability in mod_proxy_ajp of Apache HTTP Server allows an attacker to smuggle requests to the AJP server it forwards requests to. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server Apache HTTP Server 2.4 version 2.4.54 and prior versions.
Apache Calcite Avatica JDBC driver creates HTTP client instances based on class names provided via `httpclient_impl` connection property; however, the driver does not verify if the class implements the expected interface before instantiating it, which can lead to code execution loaded via arbitrary classes and in rare cases remote code execution. To exploit the vulnerability: 1) the attacker needs to have privileges to control JDBC connection parameters; 2) and there should be a vulnerable class (constructor with URL parameter and ability to execute code) in the classpath. From Apache Calcite Avatica 1.22.0 onwards, it will be verified that the class implements the expected interface before invoking its constructor.
A vulnerability in Apache SkyWalking NodeJS Agent prior to 0.5.1. The vulnerability will cause NodeJS services that has this agent installed to be unavailable if the OAP is unhealthy and NodeJS agent can't establish the connection.
It is possible to crash (panic) an application by providing a corrupted data to be read. This issue affects Rust applications using Apache Avro Rust SDK prior to 0.14.0 (previously known as avro-rs). Users should update to apache-avro version 0.14.0 which addresses this issue.
It is possible for a Reader to consume memory beyond the allowed constraints and thus lead to out of memory on the system. This issue affects Rust applications using Apache Avro Rust SDK prior to 0.14.0 (previously known as avro-rs). Users should update to apache-avro version 0.14.0 which addresses this issue.
Apache CloudStack version 4.5.0 and later has a SAML 2.0 authentication Service Provider plugin which is found to be vulnerable to XML external entity (XXE) injection. This plugin is not enabled by default and the attacker would require that this plugin be enabled to exploit the vulnerability. When the SAML 2.0 plugin is enabled in affected versions of Apache CloudStack could potentially allow the exploitation of XXE vulnerabilities. The SAML 2.0 messages constructed during the authentication flow in Apache CloudStack are XML-based and the XML data is parsed by various standard libraries that are now understood to be vulnerable to XXE injection attacks such as arbitrary file reading, possible denial of service, server-side request forgery (SSRF) on the CloudStack management server.
It is possible to provide data to be read that leads the reader to loop in cycles endlessly, consuming CPU. This issue affects Rust applications using Apache Avro Rust SDK prior to 0.14.0 (previously known as avro-rs). Users should update to apache-avro version 0.14.0 which addresses this issue.
In Apache ActiveMQ Artemis prior to 2.24.0, an attacker could show malicious content and/or redirect users to a malicious URL in the web console by using HTML in the name of an address or queue.
A security vulnerability has been identified in Apache Kafka. It affects all releases since 2.8.0. The vulnerability allows malicious unauthenticated clients to allocate large amounts of memory on brokers. This can lead to brokers hitting OutOfMemoryException and causing denial of service. Example scenarios: - Kafka cluster without authentication: Any clients able to establish a network connection to a broker can trigger the issue. - Kafka cluster with SASL authentication: Any clients able to establish a network connection to a broker, without the need for valid SASL credentials, can trigger the issue. - Kafka cluster with TLS authentication: Only clients able to successfully authenticate via TLS can trigger the issue. We advise the users to upgrade the Kafka installations to one of the 3.2.3, 3.1.2, 3.0.2, 2.8.2 versions.
Apache Flume versions 1.4.0 through 1.10.0 are vulnerable to a remote code execution (RCE) attack when a configuration uses a JMS Source with a JNDI LDAP data source URI when an attacker has control of the target LDAP server. This issue is fixed by limiting JNDI to allow only the use of the java protocol or no protocol.
Apache Geode versions up to 1.15.0 are vulnerable to a Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) via data injection when using Pulse web application to view Region entries.
When users add resources to the resource center with a relation path will cause path traversal issues and only for logged-in users. You could upgrade to version 3.0.0 or higher
Improper Authentication vulnerability in Apache Pulsar Proxy allows an attacker to connect to the /proxy-stats endpoint without authentication. The vulnerable endpoint exposes detailed statistics about live connections, along with the capability to modify the logging level of proxied connections without requiring proper authentication credentials. This issue affects Apache Pulsar versions from 2.6.0 to 2.10.5, from 2.11.0 to 2.11.2, from 3.0.0 to 3.0.1, and 3.1.0. The known risks include exposing sensitive information such as connected client IP and unauthorized logging level manipulation which could lead to a denial-of-service condition by significantly increasing the proxy's logging overhead. When deployed via the Apache Pulsar Helm chart within Kubernetes environments, the actual client IP might not be revealed through the load balancer's default behavior, which typically obscures the original source IP addresses when externalTrafficPolicy is being configured to "Cluster" by default. The /proxy-stats endpoint contains topic level statistics, however, in the default configuration, the topic level statistics aren't known to be exposed. 2.10 Pulsar Proxy users should upgrade to at least 2.10.6. 2.11 Pulsar Proxy users should upgrade to at least 2.11.3. 3.0 Pulsar Proxy users should upgrade to at least 3.0.2. 3.1 Pulsar Proxy users should upgrade to at least 3.1.1. Users operating versions prior to those listed above should upgrade to the aforementioned patched versions or newer versions. Additionally, it's imperative to recognize that the Apache Pulsar Proxy is not intended for direct exposure to the internet. The architectural design of Pulsar Proxy assumes that it will operate within a secured network environment, safeguarded by appropriate perimeter defenses.
In Apache Tomcat 10.1.0-M1 to 10.1.0-M16, 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.22, 9.0.30 to 9.0.64 and 8.5.50 to 8.5.81 the Form authentication example in the examples web application displayed user provided data without filtering, exposing a XSS vulnerability.
A vulnerability in import module of Apache Atlas allows an authenticated user to write to web server filesystem. This issue affects Apache Atlas versions from 0.8.4 to 2.2.0.
An issue was discovered in RWS WorldServer before 11.7.3. An authenticated, remote attacker can perform a ws-legacy/load_dtd?system_id= blind SSRF attack to deploy JSP code to the Apache Axis service running on the localhost interface, leading to command execution.
The Apache Xalan Java XSLT library is vulnerable to an integer truncation issue when processing malicious XSLT stylesheets. This can be used to corrupt Java class files generated by the internal XSLTC compiler and execute arbitrary Java bytecode. Users are recommended to update to version 2.7.3 or later. Note: Java runtimes (such as OpenJDK) include repackaged copies of Xalan.
A carefully crafted invocation on the Image plugin could trigger an CSRF vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki before 2.11.3, which could allow a group privilege escalation of the attacker's account. Further examination of this issue established that it could also be used to modify the email associated with the attacked account, and then a reset password request from the login page.
Apache Commons Configuration performs variable interpolation, allowing properties to be dynamically evaluated and expanded. The standard format for interpolation is "${prefix:name}", where "prefix" is used to locate an instance of org.apache.commons.configuration2.interpol.Lookup that performs the interpolation. Starting with version 2.4 and continuing through 2.7, the set of default Lookup instances included interpolators that could result in arbitrary code execution or contact with remote servers. These lookups are: - "script" - execute expressions using the JVM script execution engine (javax.script) - "dns" - resolve dns records - "url" - load values from urls, including from remote servers Applications using the interpolation defaults in the affected versions may be vulnerable to remote code execution or unintentional contact with remote servers if untrusted configuration values are used. Users are recommended to upgrade to Apache Commons Configuration 2.8.0, which disables the problematic interpolators by default.
Versions of the Amazon AWS Apache Log4j hotpatch package before log4j-cve-2021-44228-hotpatch-1.3.5 are affected by a race condition that could lead to a local privilege escalation. This Hotpatch package is not a replacement for updating to a log4j version that mitigates CVE-2021-44228 or CVE-2021-45046; it provides a temporary mitigation to CVE-2021-44228 by hotpatching the local Java virtual machines. To do so, it iterates through all running Java processes, performs several checks, and executes the Java virtual machine with the same permissions and capabilities as the running process to load the hotpatch. A local user could cause the hotpatch script to execute a binary with elevated privileges by running a custom java process that performs exec() of an SUID binary after the hotpatch has observed the process path and before it has observed its effective user ID.
The Apache Spark UI offers the possibility to enable ACLs via the configuration option spark.acls.enable. With an authentication filter, this checks whether a user has access permissions to view or modify the application. If ACLs are enabled, a code path in HttpSecurityFilter can allow someone to perform impersonation by providing an arbitrary user name. A malicious user might then be able to reach a permission check function that will ultimately build a Unix shell command based on their input, and execute it. This will result in arbitrary shell command execution as the user Spark is currently running as. This affects Apache Spark versions 3.0.3 and earlier, versions 3.1.1 to 3.1.2, and versions 3.2.0 to 3.2.1.
The initial fixes in CVE-2022-30126 and CVE-2022-30973 for regexes in the StandardsExtractingContentHandler were insufficient, and we found a separate, new regex DoS in a different regex in the StandardsExtractingContentHandler. These are now fixed in 1.28.4 and 2.4.1.
The Apache Pulsar C++ Client does not verify peer TLS certificates when making HTTPS calls for the OAuth2.0 Client Credential Flow, even when tlsAllowInsecureConnection is disabled via configuration. This vulnerability allows an attacker to perform a man in the middle attack and intercept and/or modify the GET request that is sent to the ClientCredentialFlow 'issuer url'. The intercepted credentials can be used to acquire authentication data from the OAuth2.0 server to then authenticate with an Apache Pulsar cluster. An attacker can only take advantage of this vulnerability by taking control of a machine 'between' the client and the server. The attacker must then actively manipulate traffic to perform the attack. The Apache Pulsar Python Client wraps the C++ client, so it is also vulnerable in the same way. This issue affects Apache Pulsar C++ Client and Python Client versions 2.7.0 to 2.7.4; 2.8.0 to 2.8.3; 2.9.0 to 2.9.2; 2.10.0 to 2.10.1; 2.6.4 and earlier. Any users running affected versions of the C++ Client or the Python Client should rotate vulnerable OAuth2.0 credentials, including client_id and client_secret. 2.7 C++ and Python Client users should upgrade to 2.7.5 and rotate vulnerable OAuth2.0 credentials. 2.8 C++ and Python Client users should upgrade to 2.8.4 and rotate vulnerable OAuth2.0 credentials. 2.9 C++ and Python Client users should upgrade to 2.9.3 and rotate vulnerable OAuth2.0 credentials. 2.10 C++ and Python Client users should upgrade to 2.10.2 and rotate vulnerable OAuth2.0 credentials. 3.0 C++ users are unaffected and 3.0 Python Client users will be unaffected when it is released. Any users running the C++ and Python Client for 2.6 or less should upgrade to one of the above patched versions.
Apache Pulsar Brokers and Proxies create an internal Pulsar Admin Client that does not verify peer TLS certificates, even when tlsAllowInsecureConnection is disabled via configuration. The Pulsar Admin Client's intra-cluster and geo-replication HTTPS connections are vulnerable to man in the middle attacks, which could leak authentication data, configuration data, and any other data sent by these clients. An attacker can only take advantage of this vulnerability by taking control of a machine 'between' the client and the server. The attacker must then actively manipulate traffic to perform the attack. This issue affects Apache Pulsar Broker and Proxy versions 2.7.0 to 2.7.4; 2.8.0 to 2.8.3; 2.9.0 to 2.9.2; 2.10.0; 2.6.4 and earlier.
TLS hostname verification cannot be enabled in the Pulsar Broker's Java Client, the Pulsar Broker's Java Admin Client, the Pulsar WebSocket Proxy's Java Client, and the Pulsar Proxy's Admin Client leaving intra-cluster connections and geo-replication connections vulnerable to man in the middle attacks, which could leak credentials, configuration data, message data, and any other data sent by these clients. The vulnerability is for both the pulsar+ssl protocol and HTTPS. An attacker can only take advantage of this vulnerability by taking control of a machine 'between' the client and the server. The attacker must then actively manipulate traffic to perform the attack by providing the client with a cryptographically valid certificate for an unrelated host. This issue affects Apache Pulsar Broker, Proxy, and WebSocket Proxy versions 2.7.0 to 2.7.4; 2.8.0 to 2.8.3; 2.9.0 to 2.9.2; 2.10.0; 2.6.4 and earlier.
Delayed TLS hostname verification in the Pulsar Java Client and the Pulsar Proxy make each client vulnerable to a man in the middle attack. Connections from the Pulsar Java Client to the Pulsar Broker/Proxy and connections from the Pulsar Proxy to the Pulsar Broker are vulnerable. Authentication data is sent before verifying the server&amp;#8217;s TLS certificate matches the hostname, which means authentication data could be exposed to an attacker. An attacker can only take advantage of this vulnerability by taking control of a machine 'between' the client and the server. The attacker must then actively manipulate traffic to perform the attack by providing the client with a cryptographically valid certificate for an unrelated host. Because the client sends authentication data before performing hostname verification, an attacker could gain access to the client&amp;#8217;s authentication data. The client eventually closes the connection when it verifies the hostname and identifies the targeted hostname does not match a hostname on the certificate. Because the client eventually closes the connection, the value of the intercepted authentication data depends on the authentication method used by the client. Token based authentication and username/password authentication methods are vulnerable because the authentication data can be used to impersonate the client in a separate session. This issue affects Apache Pulsar Java Client versions 2.7.0 to 2.7.4; 2.8.0 to 2.8.3; 2.9.0 to 2.9.2; 2.10.0; 2.6.4 and earlier.
The optional ShellUserGroupProvider in Apache NiFi 1.10.0 to 1.16.2 and Apache NiFi Registry 0.6.0 to 1.16.2 does not neutralize arguments for group resolution commands, allowing injection of operating system commands on Linux and macOS platforms. The ShellUserGroupProvider is not included in the default configuration. Command injection requires ShellUserGroupProvider to be one of the enabled User Group Providers in the Authorizers configuration. Command injection also requires an authenticated user with elevated privileges. Apache NiFi requires an authenticated user with authorization to modify access policies in order to execute the command. Apache NiFi Registry requires an authenticated user with authorization to read user groups in order to execute the command. The resolution removes command formatting based on user-provided arguments.
Improper Check for Unusual or Exceptional Conditions vulnerability handling requests in Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to crash the server under certain conditions. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server: from 8.0.0 through 9.1.3.
Apache Sling Commons Log &lt;= 5.4.0 and Apache Sling API &lt;= 2.25.0 are vulnerable to log injection. The ability to forge logs may allow an attacker to cover tracks by injecting fake logs and potentially corrupt log files.
** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Apache Jetspeed-2 does not sufficiently filter untrusted user input by default leading to a number of issues including XSS, CSRF, XXE, and SSRF. Setting the configuration option "xss.filter.post = true" may mitigate these issues. NOTE: Apache Jetspeed is a dormant project of Apache Portals and no updates will be provided for this issue.
Apache Shiro before 1.9.1, A RegexRequestMatcher can be misconfigured to be bypassed on some servlet containers. Applications using RegExPatternMatcher with `.` in the regular expression are possibly vulnerable to an authorization bypass.
The Apache Bookkeeper Java Client (before 4.14.6 and also 4.15.0) does not close the connection to the bookkeeper server when TLS hostname verification fails. This leaves the bookkeeper client vulnerable to a man in the middle attack. The problem affects BookKeeper client prior to versions 4.14.6 and 4.15.1.
A relative path traversal vulnerability in a FileUtil class used by the PEAR management component of Apache UIMA allows an attacker to create files outside the designated target directory using carefully crafted ZIP entry names. This issue affects Apache UIMA Apache UIMA version 3.3.0 and prior versions. Note that PEAR files should never be installed into an UIMA installation from untrusted sources because PEAR archives are executable plugins that will be able to perform any actions with the same privileges as the host Java Virtual Machine.
Apache HTTP Server 2.4.53 and earlier may not send the X-Forwarded-* headers to the origin server based on client side Connection header hop-by-hop mechanism. This may be used to bypass IP based authentication on the origin server/application.
Apache Tapestry up to version 5.8.1 is vulnerable to Regular Expression Denial of Service (ReDoS) in the way it handles Content Types. Specially crafted Content Types may cause catastrophic backtracking, taking exponential time to complete. Specifically, this is about the regular expression used on the parameter of the org.apache.tapestry5.http.ContentType class. Apache Tapestry 5.8.2 has a fix for this vulnerability. Notice the vulnerability cannot be triggered by web requests in Tapestry code alone. It would only happen if there's some non-Tapestry codepath passing some outside input to the ContentType class constructor.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in HTTP/2 frame handling of Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to smuggle requests. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 8.0.0 to 9.1.2.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in HTTP/2 header parsing of Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to smuggle requests. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 8.0.0 to 9.1.2.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in handling the Transfer-Encoding header of Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to poison the cache. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 8.0.0 to 9.0.2.
A stored cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Spark 3.2.1 and earlier, and 3.3.0, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary JavaScript in the web browser of a user, by including a malicious payload into the logs which would be returned in logs rendered in the UI.
Roxy-WI is a web interface for managing Haproxy, Nginx, Apache and Keepalived servers. Versions prior to 6.1.1.0 are subject to a remote code execution vulnerability. System commands can be run remotely via the subprocess_execute function without processing the inputs received from the user in the /app/options.py file. Attackers need not be authenticated to exploit this vulnerability. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
Roxy-wi is an open source web interface for managing Haproxy, Nginx, Apache and Keepalived servers. A vulnerability in Roxy-wi allows a remote, unauthenticated attacker to code execution by sending a specially crafted HTTP request to /app/options.py file. This affects Roxy-wi versions before 6.1.1.0. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this issue.
Roxy-wi is an open source web interface for managing Haproxy, Nginx, Apache and Keepalived servers. A vulnerability in Roxy-wi allows a remote, unauthenticated attacker to bypass authentication and access admin functionality by sending a specially crafted HTTP request. This affects Roxywi versions before 6.1.1.0. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this issue.
HTTP::Daemon is a simple http server class written in perl. Versions prior to 6.15 are subject to a vulnerability which could potentially be exploited to gain privileged access to APIs or poison intermediate caches. It is uncertain how large the risks are, most Perl based applications are served on top of Nginx or Apache, not on the `HTTP::Daemon`. This library is commonly used for local development and tests. Users are advised to update to resolve this issue. Users unable to upgrade may add additional request handling logic as a mitigation. After calling `my $rqst = $conn-&gt;get_request()` one could inspect the returned `HTTP::Request` object. Querying the 'Content-Length' (`my $cl = $rqst-&gt;header('Content-Length')`) will show any abnormalities that should be dealt with by a `400` response. Expected strings of 'Content-Length' SHOULD consist of either a single non-negative integer, or, a comma separated repetition of that number. (that is `42` or `42, 42, 42`). Anything else MUST be rejected.
We failed to apply the fix for CVE-2022-30126 to the 1.x branch in the 1.28.2 release. In Apache Tika, a regular expression in the StandardsText class, used by the StandardsExtractingContentHandler could lead to a denial of service caused by backtracking on a specially crafted file. This only affects users who are running the StandardsExtractingContentHandler, which is a non-standard handler. This is fixed in 1.28.3.
Apache HTTP Server 2.4.53 and earlier may return lengths to applications calling r:wsread() that point past the end of the storage allocated for the buffer.
If Apache HTTP Server 2.4.53 is configured to do transformations with mod_sed in contexts where the input to mod_sed may be very large, mod_sed may make excessively large memory allocations and trigger an abort.
In Apache Tika, a regular expression in our StandardsText class, used by the StandardsExtractingContentHandler could lead to a denial of service caused by backtracking on a specially crafted file. This only affects users who are running the StandardsExtractingContentHandler, which is a non-standard handler. This is fixed in 1.28.2 and 2.4.0
The documentation of Apache Tomcat 10.1.0-M1 to 10.1.0-M14, 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.20, 9.0.13 to 9.0.62 and 8.5.38 to 8.5.78 for the EncryptInterceptor incorrectly stated it enabled Tomcat clustering to run over an untrusted network. This was not correct. While the EncryptInterceptor does provide confidentiality and integrity protection, it does not protect against all risks associated with running over any untrusted network, particularly DoS risks.
In Apache Maven maven-shared-utils prior to version 3.3.3, the Commandline class can emit double-quoted strings without proper escaping, allowing shell injection attacks.
In Apache Archiva, any registered user can reset password for any users. This is fixed in Archiva 2.2.8
In Apache HTTP Server 2.4.53 and earlier, a malicious request to a lua script that calls r:parsebody(0) may cause a denial of service due to no default limit on possible input size.
In APache APISIX before 3.13.1, the jwt-auth plugin has a security issue that leaks the user's secret key because the error message returned from the dependency lua-resty-jwt contains sensitive information.
Multiple components in Apache NiFi 0.0.1 to 1.16.0 do not restrict XML External Entity references in the default configuration. The Standard Content Viewer service attempts to resolve XML External Entity references when viewing formatted XML files. The following Processors attempt to resolve XML External Entity references when configured with default property values: - EvaluateXPath - EvaluateXQuery - ValidateXml Apache NiFi flow configurations that include these Processors are vulnerable to malicious XML documents that contain Document Type Declarations with XML External Entity references. The resolution disables Document Type Declarations in the default configuration for these Processors, and disallows XML External Entity resolution in standard services.
Scylla is a real-time big data database that is API-compatible with Apache Cassandra and Amazon DynamoDB. When decompressing CQL frame received from user, Scylla assumes that user-provided uncompressed length is correct. If user provides fake length, that is greater than the real one, part of decompression buffer won't be overwritten, and will be left uninitialized. This can be exploited in several ways, depending on the privileges of the user. 1. The main exploit is that an attacker with access to CQL port, but no user account, can bypass authentication, but only if there are other legitimate clients making connections to the cluster, and they use LZ4. 2. Attacker that already has a user account on the cluster can read parts of uninitialized memory, which can contain things like passwords of other users or fragments of other queries / results, which leads to authorization bypass and sensitive information disclosure. The bug has been patched in the following versions: Scylla Enterprise: 2020.1.14, 2021.1.12, 2022.1.0. Scylla Open Source: 4.6.7, 5.0.3. Users unable to upgrade should make sure none of their drivers connect to cluster using LZ4 compression, and that Scylla CQL port is behind firewall. Additionally make sure no untrusted client can connect to Scylla, by setting up authentication and applying workarounds from previous point (firewall, no lz4 compression).
Apache OFBiz up to version 18.12.05 is vulnerable to Regular Expression Denial of Service (ReDoS) in the way it handles URLs provided by external, unauthenticated users. Upgrade to 18.12.06 or apply patches at https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/OFBIZ-12599
The Solr plugin of Apache OFBiz is configured by default to automatically make a RMI request on localhost, port 1099. In version 18.12.05 and earlier, by hosting a malicious RMI server on localhost, an attacker may exploit this behavior, at server start-up or on a server restart, in order to run arbitrary code. Upgrade to at least 18.12.06 or apply patches at https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/OFBIZ-12646.
A vulnerability in the RDF/XML parser of Apache Jena allows an attacker to cause an external DTD to be retrieved. This issue affects Apache Jena version 4.4.0 and prior versions. Apache Jena 4.2.x and 4.3.x do not allow external entities.
In Apache Druid 0.22.1 and earlier, the server did not set appropriate headers to prevent clickjacking. Druid 0.23.0 and later prevent clickjacking using the Content-Security-Policy header.
A carefully crafted request on WeblogPlugin could trigger an XSS vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki, which could allow the attacker to execute javascript in the victim's browser and get some sensitive information about the victim. Apache JSPWiki users should upgrade to 2.11.3 or later.
A carefully crafted request on UserPreferences.jsp could trigger an CSRF vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki before 2.11.3, which could allow the attacker to modify the email associated with the attacked account, and then a reset password request from the login page.
A carefully crafted request on AJAXPreview.jsp could trigger an XSS vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki, which could allow the attacker to execute javascript in the victim's browser and get some sensitive information about the victim. This vulnerability leverages CVE-2021-40369, where the Denounce plugin dangerously renders user-supplied URLs. Upon re-testing CVE-2021-40369, it appears that the patch was incomplete as it was still possible to insert malicious input via the Denounce plugin. Apache JSPWiki users should upgrade to 2.11.3 or later.
Apache HTTP Server 2.4.53 and earlier may crash or disclose information due to a read beyond bounds in ap_strcmp_match() when provided with an extremely large input buffer. While no code distributed with the server can be coerced into such a call, third-party modules or lua scripts that use ap_strcmp_match() may hypothetically be affected.
The ap_rwrite() function in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.53 and earlier may read unintended memory if an attacker can cause the server to reflect very large input using ap_rwrite() or ap_rputs(), such as with mod_luas r:puts() function. Modules compiled and distributed separately from Apache HTTP Server that use the 'ap_rputs' function and may pass it a very large (INT_MAX or larger) string must be compiled against current headers to resolve the issue.
In Eclipse Sphinx&amp;#8482; before version 0.13.1, Apache Xerces XML Parser was used without disabling processing of referenced external entities allowing the injection of arbitrary definitions which is able to access local files and expose their contents via HTTP requests.
On Windows, Apache Portable Runtime 1.7.0 and earlier may write beyond the end of a stack based buffer in apr_socket_sendv(). This is a result of integer overflow.
Apache HTTP Server 2.4.53 and earlier on Windows may read beyond bounds when configured to process requests with the mod_isapi module.
Apache James prior to release 3.6.3 and 3.7.1 is vulnerable to a buffering attack relying on the use of the STARTTLS command. Fix of CVE-2021-38542, which solved similar problem fron Apache James 3.6.1, is subject to a parser differential and do not take into account concurrent requests.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in HTTP/1.1 header parsing of Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to send invalid headers. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 8.0.0 to 9.1.2.
A vulnerability in UI of Apache Airflow allows an attacker to view unmasked secrets in rendered template values for tasks which were not executed (for example when they were depending on past and previous instances of the task failed). This issue affects Apache Airflow prior to 2.3.1.
Apache Superset before 1.4.2 is vulnerable to SQL injection in chart data requests. Users should update to 1.4.2 or higher which addresses this issue.
A carefully crafted request on XHRHtml2Markup.jsp could trigger an XSS vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki up to and including 2.11.2, which could allow the attacker to execute javascript in the victim's browser and get some sensitive information about the victim.
Users can read any files by log server, Apache DolphinScheduler users should upgrade to version 2.0.6 or higher.
When creating or updating credentials for single-user access, Apache NiFi wrote a copy of the Login Identity Providers configuration to the operating system temporary directory. On most platforms, the operating system temporary directory has global read permissions. NiFi immediately moved the temporary file to the final configuration directory, which significantly limited the window of opportunity for access. NiFi 1.16.0 includes updates to replace the Login Identity Providers configuration without writing a file to the operating system temporary directory.
Apache CloudStack prior to 4.16.1.0 used insecure random number generation for project invitation tokens. If a project invite is created based only on an email address, a random token is generated. An attacker with knowledge of the project ID and the fact that the invite is sent, could generate time deterministic tokens and brute force attempt to use them prior to the legitimate receiver accepting the invite. This feature is not enabled by default, the attacker is required to know or guess the project ID for the invite in addition to the invitation token, and the attacker would need to be an existing authorized user of CloudStack.
In Apache ShenYui, ShenYu-Bootstrap, RegexPredicateJudge.java uses Pattern.matches(conditionData.getParamValue(), realData) to make judgments, where both parameters are controllable by the user. This can cause an attacker pass in malicious regular expressions and characters causing a resource exhaustion. This issue affects Apache ShenYu (incubating) 2.4.0, 2.4.1 and 2.4.2 and is fixed in 2.4.3.
In Apache Hadoop, The unTar function uses unTarUsingJava function on Windows and the built-in tar utility on Unix and other OSes. As a result, a TAR entry may create a symlink under the expected extraction directory which points to an external directory. A subsequent TAR entry may extract an arbitrary file into the external directory using the symlink name. This however would be caught by the same targetDirPath check on Unix because of the getCanonicalPath call. However on Windows, getCanonicalPath doesn't resolve symbolic links, which bypasses the check. unpackEntries during TAR extraction follows symbolic links which allows writing outside expected base directory on Windows. This was addressed in Apache Hadoop 3.2.3
Inconsistent Interpretation of HTTP Requests ('HTTP Request Smuggling') vulnerability in mod_proxy_ajp of Apache HTTP Server allows an attacker to smuggle requests to the AJP server it forwards requests to. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server Apache HTTP Server 2.4 version 2.4.53 and prior versions.
A shortcoming in the HMEF package of poi-scratchpad (Apache POI) allows an attacker to cause an Out of Memory exception. This package is used to read TNEF files (Microsoft Outlook and Microsoft Exchange Server). If an application uses poi-scratchpad to parse TNEF files and the application allows untrusted users to supply them, then a carefully crafted file can cause an Out of Memory exception. This issue affects poi-scratchpad version 5.2.0 and prior versions. Users are recommended to upgrade to poi-scratchpad 5.2.1.
LibreOffice supports the storage of passwords for web connections in the user&amp;#8217;s configuration database. The stored passwords are encrypted with a single master key provided by the user. A flaw in LibreOffice existed where master key was poorly encoded resulting in weakening its entropy from 128 to 43 bits making the stored passwords vulerable to a brute force attack if an attacker has access to the users stored config. This issue affects: The Document Foundation LibreOffice 7.2 versions prior to 7.2.7; 7.3 versions prior to 7.3.3.
LibreOffice supports the storage of passwords for web connections in the user&amp;#8217;s configuration database. The stored passwords are encrypted with a single master key provided by the user. A flaw in LibreOffice existed where the required initialization vector for encryption was always the same which weakens the security of the encryption making them vulnerable if an attacker has access to the user's configuration data. This issue affects: The Document Foundation LibreOffice 7.2 versions prior to 7.2.7; 7.3 versions prior to 7.3.1.
In 0.10.0 or older versions of Apache Pinot, Pinot query endpoint and realtime ingestion layer has a vulnerability in unprotected environments due to a groovy function support. In order to avoid this, we disabled the groovy function support by default from Pinot release 0.11.0. See https://docs.pinot.apache.org/basics/releases/0.11.0
In Apache OFBiz, versions 18.12.05 and earlier, an attacker acting as an anonymous user of the ecommerce plugin, can insert a malicious content in a message &amp;#8220;Subject&amp;#8221; field from the "Contact us" page. Then a party manager needs to list the communications in the party component to activate the SSTI. A RCE is then possible.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in HTTP/2 request validation of Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to create smuggle or cache poison attacks. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 8.0.0 to 9.1.2.
If a web application sends a WebSocket message concurrently with the WebSocket connection closing when running on Apache Tomcat 8.5.0 to 8.5.75 or Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.20, it is possible that the application will continue to use the socket after it has been closed. The error handling triggered in this case could cause the a pooled object to be placed in the pool twice. This could result in subsequent connections using the same object concurrently which could result in data being returned to the wrong use and/or other errors.
In Apache APISIX before 2.13.0, when decoding JSON with duplicate keys, lua-cjson will choose the last occurred value as the result. By passing a JSON with a duplicate key, the attacker can bypass the body_schema validation in the request-validation plugin. For example, `{"string_payload":"bad","string_payload":"good"}` can be used to hide the "bad" input. Systems satisfy three conditions below are affected by this attack: 1. use body_schema validation in the request-validation plugin 2. upstream application uses a special JSON library that chooses the first occurred value, like jsoniter or gojay 3. upstream application does not validate the input anymore. The fix in APISIX is to re-encode the validated JSON input back into the request body at the side of APISIX. Improper Input Validation vulnerability in __COMPONENT__ of Apache APISIX allows an attacker to __IMPACT__. This issue affects Apache APISIX Apache APISIX version 2.12.1 and prior versions.
Apache DolphinScheduler user registration is vulnerable to Regular express Denial of Service (ReDoS) attacks, Apache DolphinScheduler users should upgrade to version 2.0.5 or higher.
Apache OFBiz uses the Birt project plugin (https://eclipse.github.io/birt-website/) to create data visualizations and reports. By leveraging a bug in Birt (https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=538142) it is possible to perform a remote code execution (RCE) attack in Apache OFBiz, release 18.12.05 and earlier.
Apache OFBiz uses the Birt plugin (https://eclipse.github.io/birt-website/) to create data visualizations and reports. In Apache OFBiz release 18.12.05, and earlier versions, by leveraging a vulnerability in Birt (https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=538142), an unauthenticated malicious user could perform a stored XSS attack in order to inject a malicious payload and execute it using the stored XSS.
An XML external entity (XXE) injection vulnerability was discovered in the Any23 RDFa XSLTStylesheet extractor and is known to affect Any23 versions &lt; 2.7. XML external entity injection (also known as XXE) is a web security vulnerability that allows an attacker to interfere with an application's processing of XML data. It often allows an attacker to view files on the application server filesystem, and to interact with any back-end or external systems that the application itself can access. This issue is fixed in Apache Any23 2.7.
Drupal core sanitizes filenames with dangerous extensions upon upload (reference: SA-CORE-2020-012) and strips leading and trailing dots from filenames to prevent uploading server configuration files (reference: SA-CORE-2019-010). However, the protections for these two vulnerabilities previously did not work correctly together. As a result, if the site were configured to allow the upload of files with an htaccess extension, these files' filenames would not be properly sanitized. This could allow bypassing the protections provided by Drupal core's default .htaccess files and possible remote code execution on Apache web servers. This issue is mitigated by the fact that it requires a field administrator to explicitly configure a file field to allow htaccess as an extension (a restricted permission), or a contributed module or custom code that overrides allowed file uploads.
The BPG parser in versions of Apache Tika before 1.28.2 and 2.4.0 may allocate an unreasonable amount of memory on carefully crafted files.
Apache Hadoop's FileUtil.unTar(File, File) API does not escape the input file name before being passed to the shell. An attacker can inject arbitrary commands. This is only used in Hadoop 3.3 InMemoryAliasMap.completeBootstrapTransfer, which is only ever run by a local user. It has been used in Hadoop 2.x for yarn localization, which does enable remote code execution. It is used in Apache Spark, from the SQL command ADD ARCHIVE. As the ADD ARCHIVE command adds new binaries to the classpath, being able to execute shell scripts does not confer new permissions to the caller. SPARK-38305. "Check existence of file before untarring/zipping", which is included in 3.3.0, 3.1.4, 3.2.2, prevents shell commands being executed, regardless of which version of the hadoop libraries are in use. Users should upgrade to Apache Hadoop 2.10.2, 3.2.4, 3.3.3 or upper (including HADOOP-18136).
Apache Flume versions 1.4.0 through 1.9.0 are vulnerable to a remote code execution (RCE) attack when a configuration uses a JMS Source with a JNDI LDAP data source URI when an attacker has control of the target LDAP server. This issue is fixed by limiting JNDI to allow only the use of the java protocol or no protocol.
Integer Overflow or Wraparound vulnerability in apr_base64 functions of Apache Portable Runtime Utility (APR-util) allows an attacker to write beyond bounds of a buffer. This issue affects Apache Portable Runtime Utility (APR-util) 1.6.1 and prior versions.
bypass CVE-2021-25640 &gt; In Apache Dubbo prior to 2.6.12 and 2.7.15, the usage of parseURL method will lead to the bypass of the white host check which can cause open redirect or SSRF vulnerability.
Integer Overflow or Wraparound vulnerability in apr_encode functions of Apache Portable Runtime (APR) allows an attacker to write beyond bounds of a buffer. This issue affects Apache Portable Runtime (APR) version 1.7.0.
A carefully crafted user preferences for submission could trigger an XSS vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki, related to the user preferences screen, which could allow the attacker to execute javascript in the victim's browser and get some sensitive information about the victim. Apache JSPWiki users should upgrade to 2.11.2 or later.
Apache JSPWiki user preferences form is vulnerable to CSRF attacks, which can lead to account takeover. Apache JSPWiki users should upgrade to 2.11.2 or later.
In Apache CouchDB prior to 3.2.2, an attacker can access an improperly secured default installation without authenticating and gain admin privileges. The CouchDB documentation has always made recommendations for properly securing an installation, including recommending using a firewall in front of all CouchDB installations.
Kylin's cube designer function has a command injection vulnerability when overwriting system parameters in the configuration overwrites menu. RCE can be implemented by closing the single quotation marks around the parameter value of &amp;#8220;-- conf=&amp;#8221; to inject any operating system command into the command line parameters. This vulnerability affects Kylin 2 version 2.6.5 and earlier, Kylin 3 version 3.1.2 and earlier, and Kylin 4 version 4.0.1 and earlier.
A regular expression used in Apache MXNet (incubating) is vulnerable to a potential denial-of-service by excessive resource consumption. The bug could be exploited when loading a model in Apache MXNet that has a specially crafted operator name that would cause the regular expression evaluation to use excessive resources to attempt a match. This issue affects Apache MXNet versions prior to 1.9.1.
Hessian serialization is a network protocol that supports object-based transmission. Apache Cayenne's optional Remote Object Persistence (ROP) feature is a web services-based technology that provides object persistence and query functionality to 'remote' applications. In Apache Cayenne 4.1 and earlier, running on non-current patch versions of Java, an attacker with client access to Cayenne ROP can transmit a malicious payload to any vulnerable third-party dependency on the server. This can result in arbitrary code execution.
In Apache Airflow, prior to version 2.2.4, some example DAGs did not properly sanitize user-provided params, making them susceptible to OS Command Injection from the web UI.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Proxy component of Apache Pulsar allows an attacker to make TCP/IP connection attempts that originate from the Pulsar Proxy's IP address. When the Apache Pulsar Proxy component is used, it is possible to attempt to open TCP/IP connections to any IP address and port that the Pulsar Proxy can connect to. An attacker could use this as a way for DoS attacks that originate from the Pulsar Proxy's IP address. It hasn&amp;#8217;t been detected that the Pulsar Proxy authentication can be bypassed. The attacker will have to have a valid token to a properly secured Pulsar Proxy. This issue affects Apache Pulsar Proxy versions 2.7.0 to 2.7.4; 2.8.0 to 2.8.2; 2.9.0 to 2.9.1; 2.6.4 and earlier.
An attacker can abuse the batch-requests plugin to send requests to bypass the IP restriction of Admin API. A default configuration of Apache APISIX (with default API key) is vulnerable to remote code execution. When the admin key was changed or the port of Admin API was changed to a port different from the data panel, the impact is lower. But there is still a risk to bypass the IP restriction of Apache APISIX's data panel. There is a check in the batch-requests plugin which overrides the client IP with its real remote IP. But due to a bug in the code, this check can be bypassed.
In 0.9.3 or older versions of Apache Pinot segment upload path allowed segment directories to be imported into pinot tables. In pinot installations that allow open access to the controller a specially crafted request can potentially be exploited to cause disruption in pinot service. Pinot release 0.10.0 fixes this. See https://docs.pinot.apache.org/basics/releases/0.10.0
Missing authentication on ShenYu Admin when register by HTTP. This issue affected Apache ShenYu 2.4.0 and 2.4.1.
User can access /plugin api without authentication. This issue affected Apache ShenYu 2.4.0 and 2.4.1.
Out-of-bounds Write vulnerability in mod_sed of Apache HTTP Server allows an attacker to overwrite heap memory with possibly attacker provided data. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server 2.4 version 2.4.52 and prior versions.
Apache Doris, prior to 1.0.0, used a hardcoded key and IV to initialize the cipher used for ldap password, which may lead to information disclosure.
In Apache ActiveMQ Artemis prior to 2.20.0 or 2.19.1, an attacker could partially disrupt availability (DoS) through uncontrolled resource consumption of memory.
Excel-Streaming-Reader is an easy-to-use implementation of a streaming Excel reader using Apache POI. Prior to xlsx-streamer 2.1.0, the XML parser that was used did apply all the necessary settings to prevent XML Entity Expansion issues. Upgrade to version 2.1.0 to receive a patch. There is no known workaround.
mod_auth_openidc is an OpenID Certified&amp;#8482; authentication and authorization module for the Apache 2.x HTTP server. Versions prior to 2.4.12.2 are vulnerable to Open Redirect. When providing a logout parameter to the redirect URI, the existing code in oidc_validate_redirect_url() does not properly check for URLs that start with /\t, leading to an open redirect. This issue has been patched in version 2.4.12.2. Users unable to upgrade can mitigate the issue by configuring mod_auth_openidc to only allow redirection when the destination matches a given regular expression with OIDCRedirectURLsAllowed.
Galaxy is an open-source platform for data analysis. An arbitrary file read exists in Galaxy 22.01 and Galaxy 22.05 due to the switch to Gunicorn, which can be used to read any file accessible to the operating system user under which Galaxy is running. This vulnerability affects Galaxy 22.01 and higher, after the switch to gunicorn, which serve static contents directly. Additionally, the vulnerability is mitigated when using Nginx or Apache to serve /static/* contents, instead of Galaxy's internal middleware. This issue has been patched in commit `e5e6bda4f` and will be included in future releases. Users are advised to manually patch their installations. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
There's a vulnerability within the Apache Xerces Java (XercesJ) XML parser when handling specially crafted XML document payloads. This causes, the XercesJ XML parser to wait in an infinite loop, which may sometimes consume system resources for prolonged duration. This vulnerability is present within XercesJ version 2.12.1 and the previous versions.
CVE-2020-9493 identified a deserialization issue that was present in Apache Chainsaw. Prior to Chainsaw V2.0 Chainsaw was a component of Apache Log4j 1.2.x where the same issue exists.
By design, the JDBCAppender in Log4j 1.2.x accepts an SQL statement as a configuration parameter where the values to be inserted are converters from PatternLayout. The message converter, %m, is likely to always be included. This allows attackers to manipulate the SQL by entering crafted strings into input fields or headers of an application that are logged allowing unintended SQL queries to be executed. Note this issue only affects Log4j 1.x when specifically configured to use the JDBCAppender, which is not the default. Beginning in version 2.0-beta8, the JDBCAppender was re-introduced with proper support for parameterized SQL queries and further customization over the columns written to in logs. Apache Log4j 1.2 reached end of life in August 2015. Users should upgrade to Log4j 2 as it addresses numerous other issues from the previous versions.
JMSSink in all versions of Log4j 1.x is vulnerable to deserialization of untrusted data when the attacker has write access to the Log4j configuration or if the configuration references an LDAP service the attacker has access to. The attacker can provide a TopicConnectionFactoryBindingName configuration causing JMSSink to perform JNDI requests that result in remote code execution in a similar fashion to CVE-2021-4104. Note this issue only affects Log4j 1.x when specifically configured to use JMSSink, which is not the default. Apache Log4j 1.2 reached end of life in August 2015. Users should upgrade to Log4j 2 as it addresses numerous other issues from the previous versions.
On Apache ShenYu versions 2.4.0 and 2.4.1, and endpoint existed that disclosed the passwords of all users. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.4.2 or later.
In Apache Traffic Control Traffic Ops prior to 6.1.0 or 5.1.6, an unprivileged user who can reach Traffic Ops over HTTPS can send a specially-crafted POST request to /user/login/oauth to scan a port of a server that Traffic Ops can reach.
The fix for bug CVE-2020-9484 introduced a time of check, time of use vulnerability into Apache Tomcat 10.1.0-M1 to 10.1.0-M8, 10.0.0-M5 to 10.0.14, 9.0.35 to 9.0.56 and 8.5.55 to 8.5.73 that allowed a local attacker to perform actions with the privileges of the user that the Tomcat process is using. This issue is only exploitable when Tomcat is configured to persist sessions using the FileStore.
Apache Karaf obr:* commands and run goal on the karaf-maven-plugin have partial path traversal which allows to break out of expected folder. The risk is low as obr:* commands are not very used and the entry is set by user. This has been fixed in revision: https://gitbox.apache.org/repos/asf?p=karaf.git;h=36a2bc4 https://gitbox.apache.org/repos/asf?p=karaf.git;h=52b70cf Mitigation: Apache Karaf users should upgrade to 4.2.15 or 4.3.6 or later as soon as possible, or use correct path. JIRA Tickets: https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/KARAF-7326
Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor vulnerability in Apache ShardingSphere ElasticJob-UI allows an attacker who has guest account to do privilege escalation. This issue affects Apache ShardingSphere ElasticJob-UI Apache ShardingSphere ElasticJob-UI 3.x version 3.0.0 and prior versions.
A flaw in Apache libapreq2 versions 2.16 and earlier could cause a buffer overflow while processing multipart form uploads. A remote attacker could send a request causing a process crash which could lead to a denial of service attack.
If LimitXMLRequestBody is set to allow request bodies larger than 350MB (defaults to 1M) on 32 bit systems an integer overflow happens which later causes out of bounds writes. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server 2.4.52 and earlier.
Apache HTTP Server 2.4.52 and earlier fails to close inbound connection when errors are encountered discarding the request body, exposing the server to HTTP Request Smuggling
A carefully crafted request body can cause a read to a random memory area which could cause the process to crash. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server 2.4.52 and earlier.
The www-data (Apache web server) account is configured to run sudo with no password for many commands (including /bin/sh and /bin/bash).
SnakeYaml's Constructor() class does not restrict types which can be instantiated during deserialization. Deserializing yaml content provided by an attacker can lead to remote code execution. We recommend using SnakeYaml's SafeConsturctor when parsing untrusted content to restrict deserialization. We recommend upgrading to version 2.0 and beyond.
Incomplete fix for CVE-2021-3100. The Apache Log4j hotpatch package starting with log4j-cve-2021-44228-hotpatch-1.1-16 will now explicitly mimic the Linux capabilities and cgroups of the target Java process that the hotpatch is applied to.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: tcp: fix page frag corruption on page fault Steffen reported a TCP stream corruption for HTTP requests served by the apache web-server using a cifs mount-point and memory mapping the relevant file. The root cause is quite similar to the one addressed by commit 20eb4f29b602 ("net: fix sk_page_frag() recursion from memory reclaim"). Here the nested access to the task page frag is caused by a page fault on the (mmapped) user-space memory buffer coming from the cifs file. The page fault handler performs an smb transaction on a different socket, inside the same process context. Since sk-&gt;sk_allaction for such socket does not prevent the usage for the task_frag, the nested allocation modify "under the hood" the page frag in use by the outer sendmsg call, corrupting the stream. The overall relevant stack trace looks like the following: httpd 78268 [001] 3461630.850950: probe:tcp_sendmsg_locked: ffffffff91461d91 tcp_sendmsg_locked+0x1 ffffffff91462b57 tcp_sendmsg+0x27 ffffffff9139814e sock_sendmsg+0x3e ffffffffc06dfe1d smb_send_kvec+0x28 [...] ffffffffc06cfaf8 cifs_readpages+0x213 ffffffff90e83c4b read_pages+0x6b ffffffff90e83f31 __do_page_cache_readahead+0x1c1 ffffffff90e79e98 filemap_fault+0x788 ffffffff90eb0458 __do_fault+0x38 ffffffff90eb5280 do_fault+0x1a0 ffffffff90eb7c84 __handle_mm_fault+0x4d4 ffffffff90eb8093 handle_mm_fault+0xc3 ffffffff90c74f6d __do_page_fault+0x1ed ffffffff90c75277 do_page_fault+0x37 ffffffff9160111e page_fault+0x1e ffffffff9109e7b5 copyin+0x25 ffffffff9109eb40 _copy_from_iter_full+0xe0 ffffffff91462370 tcp_sendmsg_locked+0x5e0 ffffffff91462370 tcp_sendmsg_locked+0x5e0 ffffffff91462b57 tcp_sendmsg+0x27 ffffffff9139815c sock_sendmsg+0x4c ffffffff913981f7 sock_write_iter+0x97 ffffffff90f2cc56 do_iter_readv_writev+0x156 ffffffff90f2dff0 do_iter_write+0x80 ffffffff90f2e1c3 vfs_writev+0xa3 ffffffff90f2e27c do_writev+0x5c ffffffff90c042bb do_syscall_64+0x5b ffffffff916000ad entry_SYSCALL_64_after_hwframe+0x65 The cifs filesystem rightfully sets sk_allocations to GFP_NOFS, we can avoid the nesting using the sk page frag for allocation lacking the __GFP_FS flag. Do not define an additional mm-helper for that, as this is strictly tied to the sk page frag usage. v1 -&gt; v2: - use a stricted sk_page_frag() check instead of reordering the code (Eric)
Apache Kylin provides encryption classes PasswordPlaceholderConfigurer to help users encrypt their passwords. In the encryption algorithm used by this encryption class, the cipher is initialized with a hardcoded key and IV. If users use class PasswordPlaceholderConfigurer to encrypt their password and configure it into kylin's configuration file, there is a risk that the password may be decrypted. This issue affects Apache Kylin 2 version 2.6.6 and prior versions; Apache Kylin 3 version 3.1.2 and prior versions; Apache Kylin 4 version 4.0.0 and prior versions.
In Apache Kylin, Cross-origin requests with credentials are allowed to be sent from any origin. This issue affects Apache Kylin 2 version 2.6.6 and prior versions; Apache Kylin 3 version 3.1.2 and prior versions; Apache Kylin 4 version 4.0.0 and prior versions.
Apache kylin checks the legitimacy of the project before executing some commands with the project name passed in by the user. There is a mismatch between what is being checked and what is being used as the shell command argument in DiagnosisService. This may cause an illegal project name to pass the check and perform the following steps, resulting in a command injection vulnerability. This issue affects Apache Kylin 4.0.0.
In Apache APISIX Dashboard before 2.10.1, the Manager API uses two frameworks and introduces framework `droplet` on the basis of framework `gin`, all APIs and authentication middleware are developed based on framework `droplet`, but some API directly use the interface of framework `gin` thus bypassing the authentication.
In Apache Airflow prior to 2.2.0. This CVE applies to a specific case where a User who has "can_create" permissions on DAG Runs can create Dag Runs for dags that they don't have "edit" permissions for.
It was discovered that the "Trigger DAG with config" screen was susceptible to XSS attacks via the `origin` query argument. This issue affects Apache Airflow versions 2.2.3 and below.
Apache Log4j2 versions 2.0-alpha1 through 2.16.0 (excluding 2.12.3 and 2.3.1) did not protect from uncontrolled recursion from self-referential lookups. This allows an attacker with control over Thread Context Map data to cause a denial of service when a crafted string is interpreted. This issue was fixed in Log4j 2.17.0, 2.12.3, and 2.3.1.
It was found that the fix to address CVE-2021-44228 in Apache Log4j 2.15.0 was incomplete in certain non-default configurations. This could allows attackers with control over Thread Context Map (MDC) input data when the logging configuration uses a non-default Pattern Layout with either a Context Lookup (for example, $${ctx:loginId}) or a Thread Context Map pattern (%X, %mdc, or %MDC) to craft malicious input data using a JNDI Lookup pattern resulting in an information leak and remote code execution in some environments and local code execution in all environments. Log4j 2.16.0 (Java 8) and 2.12.2 (Java 7) fix this issue by removing support for message lookup patterns and disabling JNDI functionality by default.
Groovy Code Injection &amp; SpEL Injection which lead to Remote Code Execution. This issue affected Apache ShenYu 2.4.0 and 2.4.1.
Apache Log4j2 versions 2.0-beta7 through 2.17.0 (excluding security fix releases 2.3.2 and 2.12.4) are vulnerable to a remote code execution (RCE) attack when a configuration uses a JDBC Appender with a JNDI LDAP data source URI when an attacker has control of the target LDAP server. This issue is fixed by limiting JNDI data source names to the java protocol in Log4j2 versions 2.17.1, 2.12.4, and 2.3.2.
In Apache Druid 0.22.1 and earlier, certain specially-crafted links result in unescaped URL parameters being sent back in HTML responses. This makes it possible to execute reflected XSS attacks.
A carefully crafted request body can cause a buffer overflow in the mod_lua multipart parser (r:parsebody() called from Lua scripts). The Apache httpd team is not aware of an exploit for the vulnerabilty though it might be possible to craft one. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server 2.4.51 and earlier.
Improper Authentication vulnerability in TLS origin validation of Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to create a man in the middle attack. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 8.0.0 to 8.1.0.
Apache Sling Commons Messaging Mail provides a simple layer on top of JavaMail/Jakarta Mail for OSGi to send mails via SMTPS. To reduce the risk of "man in the middle" attacks additional server identity checks must be performed when accessing mail servers. For compatibility reasons these additional checks are disabled by default in JavaMail/Jakarta Mail. The SimpleMailService in Apache Sling Commons Messaging Mail 1.0 lacks an option to enable these checks for the shared mail session. A user could enable these checks nevertheless by accessing the session via the message created by SimpleMessageBuilder and setting the property mail.smtps.ssl.checkserveridentity to true. Apache Sling Commons Messaging Mail 2.0 adds support for enabling server identity checks and these checks are enabled by default. - https://javaee.github.io/javamail/docs/SSLNOTES.txt - https://javaee.github.io/javamail/docs/api/com/sun/mail/smtp/package-summary.html - https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/mail/issues/429
An Improper Input Validation vulnerability in DataImportHandler of Apache Solr allows an attacker to provide a Windows UNC path resulting in an SMB network call being made from the Solr host to another host on the network. If the attacker has wider access to the network, this may lead to SMB attacks, which may result in: * The exfiltration of sensitive data such as OS user hashes (NTLM/LM hashes), * In case of misconfigured systems, SMB Relay Attacks which can lead to user impersonation on SMB Shares or, in a worse-case scenario, Remote Code Execution This issue affects all Apache Solr versions prior to 8.11.1. This issue only affects Windows.
When running Apache Cassandra with the following configuration: enable_user_defined_functions: true enable_scripted_user_defined_functions: true enable_user_defined_functions_threads: false it is possible for an attacker to execute arbitrary code on the host. The attacker would need to have enough permissions to create user defined functions in the cluster to be able to exploit this. Note that this configuration is documented as unsafe, and will continue to be considered unsafe after this CVE.
Apache Superset up to and including 1.3.2 allowed for registered database connections password leak for authenticated users. This information could be accessed in a non-trivial way. Users should upgrade to Apache Superset 1.4.0 or higher.
The 3DPrint Lite WordPress plugin before 1.9.1.5 does not have any authorisation and does not check the uploaded file in its p3dlite_handle_upload AJAX action , allowing unauthenticated users to upload arbitrary file to the web server. However, there is a .htaccess, preventing the file to be accessed on Web servers such as Apache.
Apache Log4j2 2.0-beta9 through 2.15.0 (excluding security releases 2.12.2, 2.12.3, and 2.3.1) JNDI features used in configuration, log messages, and parameters do not protect against attacker controlled LDAP and other JNDI related endpoints. An attacker who can control log messages or log message parameters can execute arbitrary code loaded from LDAP servers when message lookup substitution is enabled. From log4j 2.15.0, this behavior has been disabled by default. From version 2.16.0 (along with 2.12.2, 2.12.3, and 2.3.1), this functionality has been completely removed. Note that this vulnerability is specific to log4j-core and does not affect log4net, log4cxx, or other Apache Logging Services projects.
A crafted URI sent to httpd configured as a forward proxy (ProxyRequests on) can cause a crash (NULL pointer dereference) or, for configurations mixing forward and reverse proxy declarations, can allow for requests to be directed to a declared Unix Domain Socket endpoint (Server Side Request Forgery). This issue affects Apache HTTP Server 2.4.7 up to 2.4.51 (included).
Northern.tech CFEngine Enterprise before 3.15.5 and 3.18.x before 3.18.1 has Insecure Permissions that may allow unauthorized local users to access the Apache and Mission Portal log files.
In the TransformXML processor of Apache NiFi before 1.15.1 an authenticated user could configure an XSLT file which, if it included malicious external entity calls, may reveal sensitive information.
Remote attackers may delete arbitrary files in a system hosting a JSPWiki instance, versions up to 2.11.0.M8, by using a carefuly crafted http request on logout, given that those files are reachable to the user running the JSPWiki instance. Apache JSPWiki users should upgrade to 2.11.0 or later.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in request line parsing of Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to send invalid requests. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 8.0.0 to 8.1.3 and 9.0.0 to 9.1.1.
Apache Guacamole 1.2.0 and 1.3.0 do not properly validate responses received from a SAML identity provider. If SAML support is enabled, this may allow a malicious user to assume the identity of another Guacamole user.
The simplified implementation of blocking reads and writes introduced in Tomcat 10 and back-ported to Tomcat 9.0.47 onwards exposed a long standing (but extremely hard to trigger) concurrency bug in Apache Tomcat 10.1.0 to 10.1.0-M12, 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.18, 9.0.0-M1 to 9.0.60 and 8.5.0 to 8.5.77 that could cause client connections to share an Http11Processor instance resulting in responses, or part responses, to be received by the wrong client.
The uri-block plugin in Apache APISIX before 2.10.2 uses $request_uri without verification. The $request_uri is the full original request URI without normalization. This makes it possible to construct a URI to bypass the block list on some occasions. For instance, when the block list contains "^/internal/", a URI like `//internal/` can be used to bypass it. Some other plugins also have the same issue. And it may affect the developer's custom plugin.
Apache Airavata Django Portal allows CRLF log injection because of lack of escaping log statements. In particular, some HTTP request parameters are logged without first being escaped. Versions affected: master branch before commit 3c5d8c7 [1] of airavata-django-portal [1] https://github.com/apache/airavata-django-portal/commit/3c5d8c72bfc3eb0af8693a655a5d60f9273f8170
An unauthenticated Apache Traffic Control Traffic Ops user can send a request with a specially-crafted username to the POST /login endpoint of any API version to inject unsanitized content into the LDAP filter.
A deserialization vulnerability existed in dubbo hessian-lite 3.2.11 and its earlier versions, which could lead to malicious code execution. Most Dubbo users use Hessian2 as the default serialization/deserialization protocol, during Hessian catch unexpected exceptions, Hessian will log out some imformation for users, which may cause remote command execution. This issue affects Apache Dubbo Apache Dubbo 2.6.x versions prior to 2.6.12; Apache Dubbo 2.7.x versions prior to 2.7.15; Apache Dubbo 3.0.x versions prior to 3.0.5.
Apache PLC4X - PLC4C (Only the C language implementation was effected) was vulnerable to an unsigned integer underflow flaw inside the tcp transport. Users should update to 0.9.1, which addresses this issue. However, in order to exploit this vulnerability, a user would have to actively connect to a mallicious device which could send a response with invalid content. Currently we consider the probability of this being exploited as quite minimal, however this could change in the future, especially with the industrial networks growing more and more together.
Buffer Copy without Checking Size of Input ('Classic Buffer Overflow') vulnerability in the stats-over-http plugin of Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to overwrite memory. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 9.1.0.
A vulnerability in the .NET SDK of Apache Avro allows an attacker to allocate excessive resources, potentially causing a denial-of-service attack. This issue affects .NET applications using Apache Avro version 1.10.2 and prior versions. Users should update to version 1.11.0 which addresses this issue.
An issue was discovered in Kaseya Unitrends Backup Appliance before 10.5.5. The apache user could read arbitrary files such as /etc/shadow by abusing an insecure Sudo rule.
An issue was discovered in Kaseya Unitrends Backup Appliance before 10.5.5. A world writable file allowed local users to execute arbitrary code as the user apache, leading to privilege escalation.
In Safedog Apache v4.0.30255, attackers can bypass this product for SQL injection. Attackers can bypass access to sensitive data.
A Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability exists in Sourcecodester Storage Unit Rental Management System PHP 8.0.10 , Apache 2.4.14, SURMS V 1.0 via the Add New Tenant List Rent List form.
When using Apache Knox SSO prior to 1.6.1, a request could be crafted to redirect a user to a malicious page due to improper URL parsing. A request that included a specially crafted request parameter could be used to redirect the user to a page controlled by an attacker. This URL would need to be presented to the user outside the normal request flow through a XSS or phishing campaign.
The fix for bug 63362 present in Apache Tomcat 10.1.0-M1 to 10.1.0-M5, 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.11, 9.0.40 to 9.0.53 and 8.5.60 to 8.5.71 introduced a memory leak. The object introduced to collect metrics for HTTP upgrade connections was not released for WebSocket connections once the connection was closed. This created a memory leak that, over time, could lead to a denial of service via an OutOfMemoryError.
Improper output neutralization for Logs. A specific Apache Superset HTTP endpoint allowed for an authenticated user to forge log entries or inject malicious content into logs.
It was found that the fix for CVE-2021-41773 in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.50 was insufficient. An attacker could use a path traversal attack to map URLs to files outside the directories configured by Alias-like directives. If files outside of these directories are not protected by the usual default configuration "require all denied", these requests can succeed. If CGI scripts are also enabled for these aliased pathes, this could allow for remote code execution. This issue only affects Apache 2.4.49 and Apache 2.4.50 and not earlier versions.
Heron versions &lt;= 0.20.4-incubating allows CRLF log injection because of the lack of escaping in the log statements. Please update to version 0.20.5-incubating which addresses this issue.
An authenticated Apache Traffic Control Traffic Ops user with Portal-level privileges can send a request with a specially-crafted email subject to the /deliveryservices/request Traffic Ops endpoint to send an email, from the Traffic Ops server, with an arbitrary body to an arbitrary email address. Apache Traffic Control 5.1.x users should upgrade to 5.1.3 or 6.0.0. 4.1.x users should upgrade to 5.1.3.
In Apache MINA, a specifically crafted, malformed HTTP request may cause the HTTP Header decoder to loop indefinitely. The decoder assumed that the HTTP Header begins at the beginning of the buffer and loops if there is more data than expected. Please update MINA to 2.1.5 or greater.
Apache Superset up to and including 1.3.1 allowed for database connections password leak for authenticated users. This information could be accessed in a non-trivial way.
Apache Superset up to and including 1.3.0 when configured with ENABLE_TEMPLATE_PROCESSING on (disabled by default) allowed SQL injection when a malicious authenticated user sends an http request with a custom URL.
It is possible for an attacker to manipulate documents to appear to be signed by a trusted source. All versions of Apache OpenOffice up to 4.1.10 are affected. Users are advised to update to version 4.1.11. See CVE-2021-25635 for the LibreOffice advisory.
It is possible for an attacker to manipulate the timestamp of signed documents. All versions of Apache OpenOffice up to 4.1.10 are affected. Users are advised to update to version 4.1.11. See CVE-2021-25634 for the LibreOffice advisory.
It is possible for an attacker to manipulate signed documents and macros to appear to come from a trusted source. All versions of Apache OpenOffice up to 4.1.10 are affected. Users are advised to update to version 4.1.11. See CVE-2021-25633 for the LibreOffice advisory.
A flaw was found in a change made to path normalization in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.49. An attacker could use a path traversal attack to map URLs to files outside the directories configured by Alias-like directives. If files outside of these directories are not protected by the usual default configuration "require all denied", these requests can succeed. If CGI scripts are also enabled for these aliased pathes, this could allow for remote code execution. This issue is known to be exploited in the wild. This issue only affects Apache 2.4.49 and not earlier versions. The fix in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.50 was found to be incomplete, see CVE-2021-42013.
Apache Guacamole 1.3.0 and older may incorrectly include a private tunnel identifier in the non-private details of some REST responses. This may allow an authenticated user who already has permission to access a particular connection to read from or interact with another user's active use of that same connection.
Apache Karaf allows monitoring of applications and the Java runtime by using the Java Management Extensions (JMX). JMX is a Java RMI based technology that relies on Java serialized objects for client server communication. Whereas the default JMX implementation is hardened against unauthenticated deserialization attacks, the implementation used by Apache Karaf is not protected against this kind of attack. The impact of Java deserialization vulnerabilities strongly depends on the classes that are available within the targets class path. Generally speaking, deserialization of untrusted data does always represent a high security risk and should be prevented. The risk is low as, by default, Karaf uses a limited set of classes in the JMX server class path. It depends of system scoped classes (e.g. jar in the lib folder).
Apache DB DdlUtils 1.0 included a BinaryObjectsHelper that was intended for use when migrating database data with a SQL data type of BINARY, VARBINARY, LONGVARBINARY, or BLOB between databases using the ddlutils features. The BinaryObjectsHelper class was insecure and used ObjectInputStream.readObject without validating that the input data was safe to deserialize. Please note that DdlUtils is no longer being actively developed. To address the insecurity of the BinaryObjectHelper class, the following changes to DdlUtils have been made: (1) BinaryObjectsHelper.java has been deleted from the DdlUtils source repository and the DdlUtils feature of propagating data of SQL binary types is therefore no longer present in DdlUtils; (2) The ddlutils-1.0 release has been removed from the Apache Release Distribution Infrastructure; (3) The DdlUtils web site has been updated to indicate that DdlUtils is now available only as source code, not as a packaged release.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in accepting socket connections in Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to make the server stop accepting new connections. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 5.0.0 to 9.1.0.
In Apache Pulsar it is possible to access data from BookKeeper that does not belong to the topics accessible by the authenticated user. The Admin API get-message-by-id requires the user to input a topic and a ledger id. The ledger id is a pointer to the data, and it is supposed to be a valid it for the topic. Authorisation controls are performed against the topic name and there is not proper validation the that ledger id is valid in the context of such ledger. So it may happen that the user is able to read from a ledger that contains data owned by another tenant. This issue affects Apache Pulsar Apache Pulsar version 2.8.0 and prior versions; Apache Pulsar version 2.7.3 and prior versions; Apache Pulsar version 2.6.4 and prior versions.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Parquet-MR of Apache Parquet allows an attacker to DoS by malicious Parquet files. This issue affects Apache Parquet-MR version 1.9.0 and later versions.
In Apache Ozone before 1.2.0, Recon HTTP endpoints provide access to OM, SCM and Datanode metadata. Due to a bug, any unauthenticated user can access the data from these endpoints.
While fuzzing the 2.4.49 httpd, a new null pointer dereference was detected during HTTP/2 request processing, allowing an external source to DoS the server. This requires a specially crafted request. The vulnerability was recently introduced in version 2.4.49. No exploit is known to the project.
Apache Shiro before 1.8.0, when using Apache Shiro with Spring Boot, a specially crafted HTTP request may cause an authentication bypass. Users should update to Apache Shiro 1.8.0.
Fluentd collects events from various data sources and writes them to files to help unify logging infrastructure. The parser_apache2 plugin in Fluentd v0.14.14 to v1.14.1 suffers from a regular expression denial of service (ReDoS) vulnerability. A broken apache log with a certain pattern of string can spend too much time in a regular expression, resulting in the potential for a DoS attack. This issue is patched in version 1.14.2 There are two workarounds available. Either don't use parser_apache2 for parsing logs (which cannot guarantee generated by Apache), or put patched version of parser_apache2.rb into /etc/fluent/plugin directory (or any other directories specified by the environment variable `FLUENT_PLUGIN` or `--plugin` option of fluentd).
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. In affected versions a malicious server might trigger out of bound writes in a connected client. Connections using GDI or SurfaceCommands to send graphics updates to the client might send `0` width/height or out of bound rectangles to trigger out of bound writes. With `0` width or heigth the memory allocation will be `0` but the missing bounds checks allow writing to the pointer at this (not allocated) region. This issue has been patched in FreeRDP 2.4.1.
FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), released under the Apache license. All FreeRDP clients prior to version 2.4.1 using gateway connections (`/gt:rpc`) fail to validate input data. A malicious gateway might allow client memory to be written out of bounds. This issue has been resolved in version 2.4.1. If you are unable to update then use `/gt:http` rather than /gt:rdp connections if possible or use a direct connection without a gateway.
Puma is a HTTP 1.1 server for Ruby/Rack applications. Prior to versions 5.5.1 and 4.3.9, using `puma` with a proxy which forwards HTTP header values which contain the LF character could allow HTTP request smugggling. A client could smuggle a request through a proxy, causing the proxy to send a response back to another unknown client. The only proxy which has this behavior, as far as the Puma team is aware of, is Apache Traffic Server. If the proxy uses persistent connections and the client adds another request in via HTTP pipelining, the proxy may mistake it as the first request's body. Puma, however, would see it as two requests, and when processing the second request, send back a response that the proxy does not expect. If the proxy has reused the persistent connection to Puma to send another request for a different client, the second response from the first client will be sent to the second client. This vulnerability was patched in Puma 5.5.1 and 4.3.9. As a workaround, do not use Apache Traffic Server with `puma`.
Apache Tomcat 8.5.0 to 8.5.63, 9.0.0-M1 to 9.0.43 and 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.2 did not properly validate incoming TLS packets. When Tomcat was configured to use NIO+OpenSSL or NIO2+OpenSSL for TLS, a specially crafted packet could be used to trigger an infinite loop resulting in a denial of service.
JMSAppender in Log4j 1.2 is vulnerable to deserialization of untrusted data when the attacker has write access to the Log4j configuration. The attacker can provide TopicBindingName and TopicConnectionFactoryBindingName configurations causing JMSAppender to perform JNDI requests that result in remote code execution in a similar fashion to CVE-2021-44228. Note this issue only affects Log4j 1.2 when specifically configured to use JMSAppender, which is not the default. Apache Log4j 1.2 reached end of life in August 2015. Users should upgrade to Log4j 2 as it addresses numerous other issues from the previous versions.
An Unsafe Deserialization vulnerability exists in the worker services of the Apache Storm supervisor server allowing pre-auth Remote Code Execution (RCE). Apache Storm 2.2.x users should upgrade to version 2.2.1 or 2.3.0. Apache Storm 2.1.x users should upgrade to version 2.1.1. Apache Storm 1.x users should upgrade to version 1.2.4
All versions of Apache Santuario - XML Security for Java prior to 2.2.3 and 2.1.7 are vulnerable to an issue where the "secureValidation" property is not passed correctly when creating a KeyInfo from a KeyInfoReference element. This allows an attacker to abuse an XPath Transform to extract any local .xml files in a RetrievalMethod element.
Apache James ManagedSieve implementation alongside with the file storage for sieve scripts is vulnerable to path traversal, allowing reading and writing any file. This vulnerability had been patched in Apache James 3.6.1 and higher. We recommend the upgrade. Distributed and Cassandra based products are also not impacted.
Apache OpenOffice has a dependency on expat software. Versions prior to 2.1.0 were subject to CVE-2013-0340 a "Billion Laughs" entity expansion denial of service attack and exploit via crafted XML files. ODF files consist of a set of XML files. All versions of Apache OpenOffice up to 4.1.10 are subject to this issue. expat in version 4.1.11 is patched.
A crafted request uri-path can cause mod_proxy to forward the request to an origin server choosen by the remote user. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server 2.4.48 and earlier.
A flaw was found in AMQ Broker. This issue can cause a partial interruption to the availability of AMQ Broker via an Out of memory (OOM) condition. This flaw allows an attacker to partially disrupt availability to the broker through a sustained attack of maliciously crafted messages. The highest threat from this vulnerability is system availability.
A carefully crafted plugin link invocation could trigger an XSS vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki, related to the Denounce plugin, which could allow the attacker to execute javascript in the victim's browser and get some sensitive information about the victim. Apache JSPWiki users should upgrade to 2.11.0 or later.
An Incorrect Permission Assignment for Critical Resource vulnerability was found in the Apache Ranger Hive Plugin. Any user with SELECT privilege on a database can alter the ownership of the table in Hive when Apache Ranger Hive Plugin is enabled This issue affects Apache Ranger Hive Plugin: from 2.0.0 through 2.3.0. Users are recommended to upgrade to version 2.4.0 or later.
A Remote Code Execution (RCE) vulnerability was discovered in the Any23 YAMLExtractor.java file and is known to affect Any23 versions &lt; 2.5. RCE vulnerabilities allow a malicious actor to execute any code of their choice on a remote machine over LAN, WAN, or internet. RCE belongs to the broader class of arbitrary code execution (ACE) vulnerabilities.
In Apache James, while fuzzing with Jazzer the IMAP parsing stack, we discover that crafted APPEND and STATUS IMAP command could be used to trigger infinite loops resulting in expensive CPU computations and OutOfMemory exceptions. This can be used for a Denial Of Service attack. The IMAP user needs to be authenticated to exploit this vulnerability. This affected Apache James prior to version 3.6.1. This vulnerability had been patched in Apache James 3.6.1 and higher. We recommend the upgrade.
In Apache James, using Jazzer fuzzer, we identified that an IMAP user can craft IMAP LIST commands to orchestrate a Denial Of Service using a vulnerable Regular expression. This affected Apache James prior to 3.6.1 We recommend upgrading to Apache James 3.6.1 or higher , which enforce the use of RE2J regular expression engine to execute regex in linear time without back-tracking.
The Easy Social Icons plugin &lt;= 3.0.8 for WordPress echoes out the raw value of `$_SERVER['PHP_SELF']` in its main file. On certain configurations including Apache+modPHP this makes it possible to use it to perform a reflected Cross-Site Scripting attack by injecting malicious code in the request path.
The underConstruction plugin &lt;= 1.18 for WordPress echoes out the raw value of `$GLOBALS['PHP_SELF']` in the ucOptions.php file. On certain configurations including Apache+modPHP, this makes it possible to use it to perform a reflected Cross-Site Scripting attack by injecting malicious code in the request path.
ap_escape_quotes() may write beyond the end of a buffer when given malicious input. No included modules pass untrusted data to these functions, but third-party / external modules may. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server 2.4.48 and earlier.
A vulnerability in XML processing in Apache Jena, in versions up to 4.1.0, may allow an attacker to execute XML External Entities (XXE), including exposing the contents of local files to a remote server.
In Apache Ozone before 1.2.0, Authenticated users with valid Ozone S3 credentials can create specific OM requests, impersonating any other user.
In Apache Ozone before 1.2.0, Ozone Datanode doesn't check the access mode parameter of the block token. Authenticated users with valid READ block token can do any write operation on the same block.
In Apache Ozone versions prior to 1.2.0, Authenticated users knowing the ID of an existing block can craft specific request allowing access those blocks, bypassing other security checks like ACL.
In Apache Ozone versions prior to 1.2.0, Container related Datanode requests of Ozone Datanode were not properly authorized and can be called by any client.
In Apache Ozone versions prior to 1.2.0, certain admin related SCM commands can be executed by any authenticated users, not just by admins.
In Apache Ozone versions prior to 1.2.0, Various internal server-to-server RPC endpoints are available for connections, making it possible for an attacker to download raw data from Datanode and Ozone manager and modify Ratis replication configuration.
ZRender is a lightweight graphic library providing 2d draw for Apache ECharts. In versions prior to 5.2.1, using `merge` and `clone` helper methods in the `src/core/util.ts` module results in prototype pollution. It affects the popular data visualization library Apache ECharts, which uses and exports these two methods directly. The GitHub Security Advisory page for this vulnerability contains a proof of concept. This issue is patched in ZRender version 5.2.1. One workaround is available: Check if there is `__proto__` in the object keys. Omit it before using it as an parameter in these affected methods. Or in `echarts.util.merge` and `setOption` if project is using ECharts.
mod_auth_openidc is an authentication/authorization module for the Apache 2.x HTTP server that functions as an OpenID Connect Relying Party, authenticating users against an OpenID Connect Provider. In versions prior to 2.4.9.4, the 3rd-party init SSO functionality of mod_auth_openidc was reported to be vulnerable to an open redirect attack by supplying a crafted URL in the `target_link_uri` parameter. A patch in version 2.4.9.4 made it so that the `OIDCRedirectURLsAllowed` setting must be applied to the `target_link_uri` parameter. There are no known workarounds aside from upgrading to a patched version.
LedgerSMB does not set the 'Secure' attribute on the session authorization cookie when the client uses HTTPS and the LedgerSMB server is behind a reverse proxy. By tricking a user to use an unencrypted connection (HTTP), an attacker may be able to obtain the authentication data by capturing network traffic. LedgerSMB 1.8 and newer switched from Basic authentication to using cookie authentication with encrypted cookies. Although an attacker can't access the information inside the cookie, nor the password of the user, possession of the cookie is enough to access the application as the user from which the cookie has been obtained. In order for the attacker to obtain the cookie, first of all the server must be configured to respond to unencrypted requests, the attacker must be suitably positioned to eavesdrop on the network traffic between the client and the server *and* the user must be tricked into using unencrypted HTTP traffic. Proper audit control and separation of duties limit Integrity impact of the attack vector. Users of LedgerSMB 1.8 are urged to upgrade to known-fixed versions. Users of LedgerSMB 1.7 or 1.9 are unaffected by this vulnerability and don't need to take action. As a workaround, users may configure their Apache or Nginx reverse proxy to add the Secure attribute at the network boundary instead of relying on LedgerSMB. For Apache, please refer to the 'Header always edit' configuration command in the mod_headers module. For Nginx, please refer to the 'proxy_cookie_flags' configuration command.
An XML external entity (XXE) injection vulnerability was discovered in the Any23 StreamUtils.java file and is known to affect Any23 versions &lt; 2.5. XML external entity injection (also known as XXE) is a web security vulnerability that allows an attacker to interfere with an application's processing of XML data. It often allows an attacker to view files on the application server filesystem, and to interact with any back-end or external systems that the application itself can access.
Apache James prior to release 3.6.1 is vulnerable to a buffering attack relying on the use of the STARTTLS command. This can result in Man-in -the-middle command injection attacks, leading potentially to leakage of sensible information.
The variable import endpoint was not protected by authentication in Airflow &gt;=2.0.0, &lt;2.1.3. This allowed unauthenticated users to hit that endpoint to add/modify Airflow variables used in DAGs, potentially resulting in a denial of service, information disclosure or remote code execution. This issue affects Apache Airflow &gt;=2.0.0, &lt;2.1.3.
Apache Spark supports end-to-end encryption of RPC connections via "spark.authenticate" and "spark.network.crypto.enabled". In versions 3.1.2 and earlier, it uses a bespoke mutual authentication protocol that allows for full encryption key recovery. After an initial interactive attack, this would allow someone to decrypt plaintext traffic offline. Note that this does not affect security mechanisms controlled by "spark.authenticate.enableSaslEncryption", "spark.io.encryption.enabled", "spark.ssl", "spark.ui.strictTransportSecurity". Update to Apache Spark 3.1.3 or later
In Apache CouchDB, a malicious user with permission to create documents in a database is able to attach a HTML attachment to a document. If a CouchDB admin opens that attachment in a browser, e.g. via the CouchDB admin interface Fauxton, any JavaScript code embedded in that HTML attachment will be executed within the security context of that admin. A similar route is available with the already deprecated _show and _list functionality. This privilege escalation vulnerability allows an attacker to add or remove data in any database or make configuration changes. This issue affected Apache CouchDB prior to 3.1.2
A Command Injection vulnerability exists in the getTopologyHistory service of the Apache Storm 2.x prior to 2.2.1 and Apache Storm 1.x prior to 1.2.4. A specially crafted thrift request to the Nimbus server allows Remote Code Execution (RCE) prior to authentication.
Improper Authentication vulnerability in TLS origin verification of Apache Traffic Server allows for man in the middle attacks. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 8.0.0 to 8.0.8.
Some components in Apache Kafka use `Arrays.equals` to validate a password or key, which is vulnerable to timing attacks that make brute force attacks for such credentials more likely to be successful. Users should upgrade to 2.8.1 or higher, or 3.0.0 or higher where this vulnerability has been fixed. The affected versions include Apache Kafka 2.0.0, 2.0.1, 2.1.0, 2.1.1, 2.2.0, 2.2.1, 2.2.2, 2.3.0, 2.3.1, 2.4.0, 2.4.1, 2.5.0, 2.5.1, 2.6.0, 2.6.1, 2.6.2, 2.7.0, 2.7.1, and 2.8.0.
Apache Superset up to 1.5.1 allowed for authenticated users to access metadata information related to datasets they have no permission on. This metadata included the dataset name, columns and metrics.
Unrestricted Upload of File with Dangerous Type vulnerability in Apache OFBiz allows an attacker to execute remote commands. This issue affects Apache OFBiz version 17.12.07 and prior versions. Upgrade to at least 17.12.08 or apply patches at https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/OFBIZ-12297.
A flaw was found in Apache ShenYu Admin. The incorrect use of JWT in ShenyuAdminBootstrap allows an attacker to bypass authentication. This issue affected Apache ShenYu 2.3.0 and 2.4.0
The Dubbo Provider will check the incoming request and the corresponding serialization type of this request meet the configuration set by the server. But there's an exception that the attacker can use to skip the security check (when enabled) and reaching a deserialization operation with native java serialization. Apache Dubbo 2.7.13, 3.0.2 fixed this issue by quickly fail when any unrecognized request was found.
Apache jUDDI uses several classes related to Java's Remote Method Invocation (RMI) which (as an extension to UDDI) provides an alternate transport for accessing UDDI services. RMI uses the default Java serialization mechanism to pass parameters in RMI invocations. A remote attacker can send a malicious serialized object to the above RMI entries. The objects get deserialized without any check on the incoming data. In the worst case, it may let the attacker run arbitrary code remotely. For both jUDDI web service applications and jUDDI clients, the usage of RMI is disabled by default. Since this is an optional feature and an extension to the UDDI protocol, the likelihood of impact is low. Starting with 3.3.10, all RMI related code was removed.
Prior to Apache Commons Net 3.9.0, Net's FTP client trusts the host from PASV response by default. A malicious server can redirect the Commons Net code to use a different host, but the user has to connect to the malicious server in the first place. This may lead to leakage of information about services running on the private network of the client. The default in version 3.9.0 is now false to ignore such hosts, as cURL does. See https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/NET-711.
axios is vulnerable to Inefficient Regular Expression Complexity
There is a potential heap buffer overflow in Apache Hadoop libhdfs native code. Opening a file path provided by user without validation may result in a denial of service or arbitrary code execution. Users should upgrade to Apache Hadoop 2.10.2, 3.2.3, 3.3.2 or higher.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in header parsing of Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to request secure resources. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 8.0.0 to 9.1.2.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in header parsing of Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to smuggle requests. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 8.0.0 to 8.1.2 and 9.0.0 to 9.1.0.
Improper input validation vulnerability in header parsing of Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to smuggle requests. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 8.0.0 to 8.1.2 and 9.0.0 to 9.0.1.
Improper input validation vulnerability in header parsing of Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to smuggle requests. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 8.0.0 to 8.1.2 and 9.0.0 to 9.1.0.
Apache Kylin allows users to read data from other database systems using JDBC. The MySQL JDBC driver supports certain properties, which, if left unmitigated, can allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code from a hacker-controlled malicious MySQL server within Kylin server processes. This issue affects Apache Kylin 2 version 2.6.6 and prior versions; Apache Kylin 3 version 3.1.2 and prior versions.
In the Druid ingestion system, the InputSource is used for reading data from a certain data source. However, the HTTP InputSource allows authenticated users to read data from other sources than intended, such as the local file system, with the privileges of the Druid server process. This is not an elevation of privilege when users access Druid directly, since Druid also provides the Local InputSource, which allows the same level of access. But it is problematic when users interact with Druid indirectly through an application that allows users to specify the HTTP InputSource, but not the Local InputSource. In this case, users could bypass the application-level restriction by passing a file URL to the HTTP InputSource. This issue was previously mentioned as being fixed in 0.21.0 as per CVE-2021-26920 but was not fixed in 0.21.0 or 0.21.1.
The "first name" and "last name" fields of the Apache Pluto 3.1.0 MVCBean JSP portlet maven archetype are vulnerable to Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attacks.
The input fields in the JSP version of the Apache Pluto Applicant MVCBean CDI portlet are vulnerable to Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attacks. Users should migrate to version 3.1.1 of the applicant-mvcbean-cdi-jsp-portlet.war artifact
The input fields of the Apache Pluto UrlTestPortlet are vulnerable to Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attacks. Users should migrate to version 3.1.1 of the v3-demo-portlet.war artifact
When reading a specially crafted ZIP archive, or a derived formats, an Apache Ant build can be made to allocate large amounts of memory that leads to an out of memory error, even for small inputs. This can be used to disrupt builds using Apache Ant. Commonly used derived formats from ZIP archives are for instance JAR files and many office files. Apache Ant prior to 1.9.16 and 1.10.11 were affected.
When reading a specially crafted TAR archive an Apache Ant build can be made to allocate large amounts of memory that finally leads to an out of memory error, even for small inputs. This can be used to disrupt builds using Apache Ant. Apache Ant prior to 1.9.16 and 1.10.11 were affected.
In Apache Ozone versions prior to 1.2.0, Initially generated block tokens are persisted to the metadata database and can be retrieved with authenticated users with permission to the key. Authenticated users may use them even after access is revoked.
In Apache Dubbo, users may choose to use the Hessian protocol. The Hessian protocol is implemented on top of HTTP and passes the body of a POST request directly to a HessianSkeleton: New HessianSkeleton are created without any configuration of the serialization factory and therefore without applying the dubbo properties for applying allowed or blocked type lists. In addition, the generic service is always exposed and therefore attackers do not need to figure out a valid service/method name pair. This is fixed in 2.7.13, 2.6.10.1
Apache Dubbo supports various rules to support configuration override or traffic routing (called routing in Dubbo). These rules are loaded into the configuration center (eg: Zookeeper, Nacos, ...) and retrieved by the customers when making a request in order to find the right endpoint. When parsing these YAML rules, Dubbo customers will use SnakeYAML library to load the rules which by default will enable calling arbitrary constructors. An attacker with access to the configuration center he will be able to poison the rule so when retrieved by the consumers, it will get RCE on all of them. This was fixed in Dubbo 2.7.13, 3.0.2
Some component in Dubbo will try to print the formated string of the input arguments, which will possibly cause RCE for a maliciously customized bean with special toString method. In the latest version, we fix the toString call in timeout, cache and some other places. Fixed in Apache Dubbo 2.7.13
A carefully crafted request uri-path can cause mod_proxy_uwsgi to read above the allocated memory and crash (DoS). This issue affects Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.30 to 2.4.48 (inclusive).
Apache Gobblin trusts all certificates used for LDAP connections in Gobblin-as-a-Service. This affects versions &lt;= 0.15.0. Users should update to version 0.16.0 which addresses this issue.
In Apache Gobblin, the Hadoop token is written to a temp file that is visible to all local users on Unix-like systems. This affects versions &lt;= 0.15.0. Users should update to version 0.16.0 which addresses this issue.
When reading a specially crafted ZIP archive, Compress can be made to allocate large amounts of memory that finally leads to an out of memory error even for very small inputs. This could be used to mount a denial of service attack against services that use Compress' zip package.
An out-of-bounds array read in the apr_time_exp*() functions was fixed in the Apache Portable Runtime 1.6.3 release (CVE-2017-12613). The fix for this issue was not carried forward to the APR 1.7.x branch, and hence version 1.7.0 regressed compared to 1.6.3 and is vulnerable to the same issue.
If remote logging is not used, the worker (in the case of CeleryExecutor) or the scheduler (in the case of LocalExecutor) runs a Flask logging server and is listening on a specific port and also binds on 0.0.0.0 by default. This logging server had no authentication and allows reading log files of DAG jobs. This issue affects Apache Airflow &lt; 2.1.2.
When reading a specially crafted TAR archive, Compress can be made to allocate large amounts of memory that finally leads to an out of memory error even for very small inputs. This could be used to mount a denial of service attack against services that use Compress' tar package.
When reading a specially crafted 7Z archive, Compress can be made to allocate large amounts of memory that finally leads to an out of memory error even for very small inputs. This could be used to mount a denial of service attack against services that use Compress' sevenz package.
When reading a specially crafted 7Z archive, the construction of the list of codecs that decompress an entry can result in an infinite loop. This could be used to mount a denial of service attack against services that use Compress' sevenz package.
Stack-based Buffer Overflow vulnerability in cachekey plugin of Apache Traffic Server. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 7.0.0 to 7.1.12, 8.0.0 to 8.1.1, 9.0.0 to 9.0.1.
Malformed requests may cause the server to dereference a NULL pointer. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server 2.4.48 and earlier.
Apache Geode versions up to 1.12.4 and 1.13.4 are vulnerable to a log file redaction of sensitive information flaw when using values that begin with characters other than letters or numbers for passwords and security properties with the prefix "sysprop-", "javax.net.ssl", or "security-". This issue is fixed by overhauling the log file redaction in Apache Geode versions 1.12.5, 1.13.5, and 1.14.0.
In Phoenix Contact: FL MGUARD DM version 1.12.0 and 1.13.0 access to the Apache web server being installed as part of the FL MGUARD DM on Microsoft Windows does not require login credentials even if configured during installation.Attackers with network access to the Apache web server can download and therefore read mGuard configuration profiles (&amp;#8220;ATV profiles&amp;#8221;). Such configuration profiles may contain sensitive information, e.g. private keys associated with IPsec VPN connections.
Apache Hive before 3.1.3 "CREATE" and "DROP" function operations does not check for necessary authorization of involved entities in the query. It was found that an unauthorized user can manipulate an existing UDF without having the privileges to do so. This allowed unauthorized or underprivileged users to drop and recreate UDFs pointing them to new jars that could be potentially malicious.
While investigating DIRSTUDIO-1219 it was noticed that configured StartTLS encryption was not applied when any SASL authentication mechanism (DIGEST-MD5, GSSAPI) was used. While investigating DIRSTUDIO-1220 it was noticed that any configured SASL confidentiality layer was not applied. This issue affects Apache Directory Studio version 2.0.0.v20210213-M16 and prior versions.
User controlled `request.getHeader("Referer")`, `request.getRequestURL()` and `request.getQueryString()` are used to build and run a regex expression. The attacker doesn't have to use a browser and may send a specially crafted Referer header programmatically. Since the attacker controls the string and the regex pattern he may cause a ReDoS by regex catastrophic backtracking on the server side. This problem has been fixed in Roller 6.0.2.
A crafted method sent through HTTP/2 will bypass validation and be forwarded by mod_proxy, which can lead to request splitting or cache poisoning. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server 2.4.17 to 2.4.48.
A vulnerability in the HTML pages of Apache Jena Fuseki allows an attacker to execute arbitrary javascript on certain page views. This issue affects Apache Jena Fuseki from version 2.0.0 to version 4.0.0 (inclusive).
From Apache NiFi MiNiFi C++ version 0.5.0 the c2 protocol implements an "agent-update" command which was designed to patch the application binary. This "patching" command defaults to calling a trusted binary, but might be modified to an arbitrary value through a "c2-update" command. Said command is then executed using the same privileges as the application binary. This was addressed in version 0.10.0
In Apache APISIX Dashboard version 2.6, we changed the default value of listen host to 0.0.0.0 in order to facilitate users to configure external network access. In the IP allowed list restriction, a risky function was used for the IP acquisition, which made it possible to bypass the network limit. At the same time, the default account and password are fixed.Ultimately these factors lead to the issue of security risks. This issue is fixed in APISIX Dashboard 2.6.1
Apache Tomcat 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.6, 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.46 and 8.5.0 to 8.5.66 did not correctly parse the HTTP transfer-encoding request header in some circumstances leading to the possibility to request smuggling when used with a reverse proxy. Specifically: - Tomcat incorrectly ignored the transfer encoding header if the client declared it would only accept an HTTP/1.0 response; - Tomcat honoured the identify encoding; and - Tomcat did not ensure that, if present, the chunked encoding was the final encoding.
In Apache Hadoop 2.2.0 to 2.10.1, 3.0.0-alpha1 to 3.1.4, 3.2.0 to 3.2.2, and 3.3.0 to 3.3.1, a user who can escalate to yarn user can possibly run arbitrary commands as root user. Users should upgrade to Apache Hadoop 2.10.2, 3.2.3, 3.3.2 or higher.
Apache OpenOffice opens dBase/DBF documents and shows the contents as spreadsheets. DBF are database files with data organized in fields. When reading DBF data the size of certain fields is not checked: the data is just copied into local variables. A carefully crafted document could overflow the allocated space, leading to the execution of arbitrary code by altering the contents of the program stack. This issue affects Apache OpenOffice up to and including version 4.1.10
Apache Dubbo is a java based, open source RPC framework. Versions prior to 2.6.10 and 2.7.10 are vulnerable to pre-auth remote code execution via arbitrary bean manipulation in the Telnet handler. The Dubbo main service port can be used to access a Telnet Handler which offers some basic methods to collect information about the providers and methods exposed by the service and it can even allow to shutdown the service. This endpoint is unprotected. Additionally, a provider method can be invoked using the `invoke` handler. This handler uses a safe version of FastJson to process the call arguments. However, the resulting list is later processed with `PojoUtils.realize` which can be used to instantiate arbitrary classes and invoke its setters. Even though FastJson is properly protected with a default blocklist, `PojoUtils.realize` is not, and an attacker can leverage that to achieve remote code execution. Versions 2.6.10 and 2.7.10 contain fixes for this issue.
mod_auth_openidc is an authentication/authorization module for the Apache 2.x HTTP server that functions as an OpenID Connect Relying Party, authenticating users against an OpenID Connect Provider. In mod_auth_openidc before version 2.4.9, there is an XSS vulnerability in when using `OIDCPreservePost On`.
mod_auth_openidc is an authentication/authorization module for the Apache 2.x HTTP server that functions as an OpenID Connect Relying Party, authenticating users against an OpenID Connect Provider. In mod_auth_openidc before version 2.4.9, the AES GCM encryption in mod_auth_openidc uses a static IV and AAD. It is important to fix because this creates a static nonce and since aes-gcm is a stream cipher, this can lead to known cryptographic issues, since the same key is being reused. From 2.4.9 onwards this has been patched to use dynamic values through usage of cjose AES encryption routines.
mod_auth_openidc is an authentication/authorization module for the Apache 2.x HTTP server that functions as an OpenID Connect Relying Party, authenticating users against an OpenID Connect Provider. In versions prior to 2.4.9, `oidc_validate_redirect_url()` does not parse URLs the same way as most browsers do. As a result, this function can be bypassed and leads to an Open Redirect vulnerability in the logout functionality. This bug has been fixed in version 2.4.9 by replacing any backslash of the URL to redirect with slashes to address a particular breaking change between the different specifications (RFC2396 / RFC3986 and WHATWG). As a workaround, this vulnerability can be mitigated by configuring `mod_auth_openidc` to only allow redirection whose destination matches a given regular expression.
mod_auth_openidc is an authentication/authorization module for the Apache 2.x HTTP server that functions as an OpenID Connect Relying Party, authenticating users against an OpenID Connect Provider. When mod_auth_openidc versions prior to 2.4.9 are configured to use an unencrypted Redis cache (`OIDCCacheEncrypt off`, `OIDCSessionType server-cache`, `OIDCCacheType redis`), `mod_auth_openidc` wrongly performed argument interpolation before passing Redis requests to `hiredis`, which would perform it again and lead to an uncontrolled format string bug. Initial assessment shows that this bug does not appear to allow gaining arbitrary code execution, but can reliably provoke a denial of service by repeatedly crashing the Apache workers. This bug has been corrected in version 2.4.9 by performing argument interpolation only once, using the `hiredis` API. As a workaround, this vulnerability can be mitigated by setting `OIDCCacheEncrypt` to `on`, as cache keys are cryptographically hashed before use when this option is enabled.
Apache Superset up to and including 1.1 does not sanitize titles correctly on the Explore page. This allows an attacker with Explore access to save a chart with a malicious title, injecting html (including scripts) into the page.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in HTTP/2 of Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to DOS the server. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 7.0.0 to 7.1.12, 8.0.0 to 8.1.1, 9.0.0 to 9.0.1.
Improper Input Validation vulnerability in HTTP/2 of Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to DOS the server. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 7.0.0 to 7.1.12, 8.0.0 to 8.1.1, 9.0.0 to 9.0.1.
Invalid values in the Content-Length header sent to Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to smuggle requests. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 7.0.0 to 7.1.12, 8.0.0 to 8.1.1, 9.0.0 to 9.0.1.
Improper access and command validation in the Nagios Docker Config Wizard before 1.1.2, as used in Nagios XI through 5.7, allows an unauthenticated attacker to execute remote code as the apache user.
In Apache PDFBox, a carefully crafted PDF file can trigger an infinite loop while loading the file. This issue affects Apache PDFBox version 2.0.23 and prior 2.0.x versions.
In Apache PDFBox, a carefully crafted PDF file can trigger an OutOfMemory-Exception while loading the file. This issue affects Apache PDFBox version 2.0.23 and prior 2.0.x versions.
The fix issued for CVE-2020-17530 was incomplete. So from Apache Struts 2.0.0 to 2.5.29, still some of the tag&amp;#8217;s attributes could perform a double evaluation if a developer applied forced OGNL evaluation by using the %{...} syntax. Using forced OGNL evaluation on untrusted user input can lead to a Remote Code Execution and security degradation.
Apache HTTP Server protocol handler for the HTTP/2 protocol checks received request headers against the size limitations as configured for the server and used for the HTTP/1 protocol as well. On violation of these restrictions and HTTP response is sent to the client with a status code indicating why the request was rejected. This rejection response was not fully initialised in the HTTP/2 protocol handler if the offending header was the very first one received or appeared in a a footer. This led to a NULL pointer dereference on initialised memory, crashing reliably the child process. Since such a triggering HTTP/2 request is easy to craft and submit, this can be exploited to DoS the server. This issue affected mod_http2 1.15.17 and Apache HTTP Server version 2.4.47 only. Apache HTTP Server 2.4.47 was never released.
Kylin can receive user input and load any class through Class.forName(...). This issue affects Apache Kylin 2 version 2.6.6 and prior versions; Apache Kylin 3 version 3.1.2 and prior versions; Apache Kylin 4 version 4.0.0 and prior versions.
Apache Unomi prior to version 1.5.5 allows CRLF log injection because of the lack of escaping in the log statements.
The Apache Log4j hotpatch package before log4j-cve-2021-44228-hotpatch-1.1-13 didn&amp;#8217;t mimic the permissions of the JVM being patched, allowing it to escalate privileges.
Multiple issues in apache were addressed by updating apache to version 2.4.46. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-004 Mojave. Multiple issues in apache.
Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.39 to 2.4.46 Unexpected matching behavior with 'MergeSlashes OFF'
A vulnerability in the JNDI Realm of Apache Tomcat allows an attacker to authenticate using variations of a valid user name and/or to bypass some of the protection provided by the LockOut Realm. This issue affects Apache Tomcat 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.5; 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.45; 8.5.0 to 8.5.65.
A vulnerability in Apache Tomcat allows an attacker to remotely trigger a denial of service. An error introduced as part of a change to improve error handling during non-blocking I/O meant that the error flag associated with the Request object was not reset between requests. This meant that once a non-blocking I/O error occurred, all future requests handled by that request object would fail. Users were able to trigger non-blocking I/O errors, e.g. by dropping a connection, thereby creating the possibility of triggering a DoS. Applications that do not use non-blocking I/O are not exposed to this vulnerability. This issue affects Apache Tomcat 10.0.3 to 10.0.4; 9.0.44; 8.5.64.
Information Exposure vulnerability in context asset handling of Apache Tapestry allows an attacker to download files inside WEB-INF if using a specially-constructed URL. This was caused by an incomplete fix for CVE-2020-13953. This issue affects Apache Tapestry Apache Tapestry 5.4.0 version to Apache Tapestry 5.6.3; Apache Tapestry 5.7.0 version and Apache Tapestry 5.7.1.
A vulnerability in the JsonMapObjectReaderWriter of Apache CXF allows an attacker to submit malformed JSON to a web service, which results in the thread getting stuck in an infinite loop, consuming CPU indefinitely. This issue affects Apache CXF versions prior to 3.4.4; Apache CXF versions prior to 3.3.11.
The project received a report that all versions of Apache OpenOffice through 4.1.8 can open non-http(s) hyperlinks. The problem has existed since about 2006 and the issue is also in 4.1.9. If the link is specifically crafted this could lead to untrusted code execution. It is always best practice to be careful opening documents from unknown and unverified sources. The mitigation in Apache OpenOffice 4.1.10 (unreleased) assures that a security warning is displayed giving the user the option of continuing to open the hyperlink.
Apache Dubbo prior to 2.6.9 and 2.7.9 supports Script routing which will enable a customer to route the request to the right server. These rules are used by the customers when making a request in order to find the right endpoint. When parsing these rules, Dubbo customers use ScriptEngine and run the rule provided by the script which by default may enable executing arbitrary code.
Apache Dubbo prior to 2.7.9 support Tag routing which will enable a customer to route the request to the right server. These rules are used by the customers when making a request in order to find the right endpoint. When parsing these YAML rules, Dubbo customers may enable calling arbitrary constructors.
Apache Dubbo prior to 2.6.9 and 2.7.9 by default supports generic calls to arbitrary methods exposed by provider interfaces. These invocations are handled by the GenericFilter which will find the service and method specified in the first arguments of the invocation and use the Java Reflection API to make the final call. The signature for the $invoke or $invokeAsync methods is Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object; where the first argument is the name of the method to invoke, the second one is an array with the parameter types for the method being invoked and the third one is an array with the actual call arguments. In addition, the caller also needs to set an RPC attachment specifying that the call is a generic call and how to decode the arguments. The possible values are: - true - raw.return - nativejava - bean - protobuf-json An attacker can control this RPC attachment and set it to nativejava to force the java deserialization of the byte array located in the third argument.
A vulnerability in sshd-core of Apache Mina SSHD allows an attacker to overflow the server causing an OutOfMemory error. This issue affects the SFTP and port forwarding features of Apache Mina SSHD version 2.0.0 and later versions. It was addressed in Apache Mina SSHD 2.7.0
Apache OFBiz has unsafe deserialization prior to 17.12.07 version
When using ConfigurableInternodeAuthHadoopPlugin for authentication, Apache Solr versions prior to 8.8.2 would forward/proxy distributed requests using server credentials instead of original client credentials. This would result in incorrect authorization resolution on the receiving hosts.
Directus 8 before 8.8.2 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code because file-upload permissions include the ability to upload a .php file to the main upload directory and/or upload a .php file and a .htaccess file to a subdirectory. Exploitation succeeds only for certain installations with the Apache HTTP Server and the local-storage driver (e.g., when the product was obtained from hub.docker.com).
Flask-AppBuilder is a development framework, built on top of Flask. User enumeration in database authentication in Flask-AppBuilder &lt;= 3.2.3. Allows for a non authenticated user to enumerate existing accounts by timing the response time from the server when you are logging in. Upgrade to version 3.3.0 or higher to resolve.
Puma is a concurrent HTTP 1.1 server for Ruby/Rack applications. The fix for CVE-2019-16770 was incomplete. The original fix only protected existing connections that had already been accepted from having their requests starved by greedy persistent-connections saturating all threads in the same process. However, new connections may still be starved by greedy persistent-connections saturating all threads in all processes in the cluster. A `puma` server which received more concurrent `keep-alive` connections than the server had threads in its threadpool would service only a subset of connections, denying service to the unserved connections. This problem has been fixed in `puma` 4.3.8 and 5.3.1. Setting `queue_requests false` also fixes the issue. This is not advised when using `puma` without a reverse proxy, such as `nginx` or `apache`, because you will open yourself to slow client attacks (e.g. slowloris). The fix is very small and a git patch is available for those using unsupported versions of Puma.
In Apache Commons IO before 2.7, When invoking the method FileNameUtils.normalize with an improper input string, like "//../foo", or "\\..\foo", the result would be the same value, thus possibly providing access to files in the parent directory, but not further above (thus "limited" path traversal), if the calling code would use the result to construct a path value.
When starting Apache Solr versions prior to 8.8.2, configured with the SaslZkACLProvider or VMParamsAllAndReadonlyDigestZkACLProvider and no existing security.json znode, if the optional read-only user is configured then Solr would not treat that node as a sensitive path and would allow it to be readable. Additionally, with any ZkACLProvider, if the security.json is already present, Solr will not automatically update the ACLs.
Apache OFBiz has unsafe deserialization prior to 17.12.07 version An unauthenticated user can perform an RCE attack
Insecure permission of chmod command on rConfig server 3.9.6 exists. After installing rConfig apache user may execute chmod as root without password which may let an attacker with low privilege to gain root access on server.
A carefully crafted or corrupt file may trigger an infinite loop in Tika's MP3Parser up to and including Tika 1.25. Apache Tika users should upgrade to 1.26 or later.
Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Credential page of Apache Zeppelin allows an attacker to submit malicious request. This issue affects Apache Zeppelin Apache Zeppelin version 0.9.0 and prior versions.
The improper Input Validation vulnerability in "&amp;#8221;Move folder to Trash&amp;#8221; feature of Apache Zeppelin allows an attacker to delete the arbitrary files. This issue affects Apache Zeppelin Apache Zeppelin version 0.9.0 and prior versions.
Apache Subversion SVN authz protected copyfrom paths regression Subversion servers reveal 'copyfrom' paths that should be hidden according to configured path-based authorization (authz) rules. When a node has been copied from a protected location, users with access to the copy can see the 'copyfrom' path of the original. This also reveals the fact that the node was copied. Only the 'copyfrom' path is revealed; not its contents. Both httpd and svnserve servers are vulnerable.
The "origin" parameter passed to some of the endpoints like '/trigger' was vulnerable to XSS exploit. This issue affects Apache Airflow versions &lt;1.10.15 in 1.x series and affects 2.0.0 and 2.0.1 and 2.x series. This is the same as CVE-2020-13944 &amp; CVE-2020-17515 but the implemented fix did not fix the issue completely. Update to Airflow 1.10.15 or 2.0.2. Please also update your Python version to the latest available PATCH releases of the installed MINOR versions, example update to Python 3.6.13 if you are on Python 3.6. (Those contain the fix for CVE-2021-23336 https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-23336).
In Eclipse Jetty 7.2.2 to 9.4.38, 10.0.0.alpha0 to 10.0.1, and 11.0.0.alpha0 to 11.0.1, CPU usage can reach 100% upon receiving a large invalid TLS frame.
Impala sessions use a 16 byte secret to verify that the session is not being hijacked by another user. However, these secrets appear in the Impala logs, therefore Impala users with access to the logs can use another authenticated user's sessions with specially constructed requests. This means the attacker is able to execute statements for which they don't have the necessary privileges otherwise. Impala deployments with Apache Sentry or Apache Ranger authorization enabled may be vulnerable to privilege escalation if an authenticated attacker is able to hijack a session or query from another authenticated user with privileges not assigned to the attacker. Impala deployments with audit logging enabled may be vulnerable to incorrect audit logging as a user could undertake actions that were logged under the name of a different authenticated user. Constructing an attack requires a high degree of technical sophistication and access to the Impala system as an authenticated user. Mitigation: If an Impala deployment uses Apache Sentry, Apache Ranger or audit logging, then users should upgrade to a version of Impala with the fix for IMPALA-10600. The Impala 4.0 release includes this fix. This hides session secrets from the logs to eliminate the risk of any attack using this mechanism. In lieu of an upgrade, restricting access to logs that expose secrets will reduce the risk of an attack. Restricting access to the Impala deployment to trusted users will also reduce the risk of an attack. Log redaction techniques can be used to redact secrets from the logs.
While working on Apache OpenOffice 4.1.8 a developer discovered that the DEB package did not install using root, but instead used a userid and groupid of 500. This both caused issues with desktop integration and could allow a crafted attack on files owned by that user or group if they exist. Users who installed the Apache OpenOffice 4.1.8 DEB packaging should upgrade to the latest version of Apache OpenOffice.
Apache Superset up to and including 1.0.1 allowed for the creation of an external URL that could be malicious. By not checking user input for open redirects the URL shortener functionality would allow for a malicious user to create a short URL for a dashboard that could convince the user to click the link.
Apache Superset up to and including 0.38.0 allowed the creation of a Markdown component on a Dashboard page for describing chart's related information. Abusing this functionality, a malicious user could inject javascript code executing unwanted action in the context of the user's browser. The javascript code will be automatically executed (Stored XSS) when a legitimate user surfs on the dashboard page. The vulnerability is exploitable creating a &amp;#8220;div&amp;#8221; section and embedding in it a &amp;#8220;svg&amp;#8221; element with javascript code.
A carefully crafted PDF file can trigger an OutOfMemory-Exception while loading the file. This issue affects Apache PDFBox version 2.0.22 and prior 2.0.x versions.
The ReplicationHandler (normally registered at "/replication" under a Solr core) in Apache Solr has a "masterUrl" (also "leaderUrl" alias) parameter that is used to designate another ReplicationHandler on another Solr core to replicate index data into the local core. To prevent a SSRF vulnerability, Solr ought to check these parameters against a similar configuration it uses for the "shards" parameter. Prior to this bug getting fixed, it did not. This problem affects essentially all Solr versions prior to it getting fixed in 8.8.2.
A critical unauthenticated remote code execution vulnerability was found all recent versions of Apache Tapestry. The affected versions include 5.4.5, 5.5.0, 5.6.2 and 5.7.0. The vulnerability I have found is a bypass of the fix for CVE-2019-0195. Recap: Before the fix of CVE-2019-0195 it was possible to download arbitrary class files from the classpath by providing a crafted asset file URL. An attacker was able to download the file `AppModule.class` by requesting the URL `http://localhost:8080/assets/something/services/AppModule.class` which contains a HMAC secret key. The fix for that bug was a blacklist filter that checks if the URL ends with `.class`, `.properties` or `.xml`. Bypass: Unfortunately, the blacklist solution can simply be bypassed by appending a `/` at the end of the URL: `http://localhost:8080/assets/something/services/AppModule.class/` The slash is stripped after the blacklist check and the file `AppModule.class` is loaded into the response. This class usually contains the HMAC secret key which is used to sign serialized Java objects. With the knowledge of that key an attacker can sign a Java gadget chain that leads to RCE (e.g. CommonsBeanUtils1 from ysoserial). Solution for this vulnerability: * For Apache Tapestry 5.4.0 to 5.6.1, upgrade to 5.6.2 or later. * For Apache Tapestry 5.7.0, upgrade to 5.7.1 or later.
A carefully crafted PDF file can trigger an infinite loop while loading the file. This issue affects Apache PDFBox version 2.0.22 and prior 2.0.x versions.
All request mappings in `StreamingCoordinatorController.java` handling `/kylin/api/streaming_coordinator/*` REST API endpoints did not include any security checks, which allowed an unauthenticated user to issue arbitrary requests, such as assigning/unassigning of streaming cubes, creation/modification and deletion of replica sets, to the Kylin Coordinator. For endpoints accepting node details in HTTP message body, unauthenticated (but limited) server-side request forgery (SSRF) can be achieved. This issue affects Apache Kylin Apache Kylin 3 versions prior to 3.1.2.
Apache Traffic Server 9.0.0 is vulnerable to a remote DOS attack on the experimental Slicer plugin.
In Apache DolphinScheduler before 1.3.6 versions, authorized users can use SQL injection in the data source center. (Only applicable to MySQL data source with internal login account password)
Cross Site Scripting vulnerability in markdown interpreter of Apache Zeppelin allows an attacker to inject malicious scripts. This issue affects Apache Zeppelin Apache Zeppelin versions prior to 0.9.0.
Incorrect handling of url fragment vulnerability of Apache Traffic Server allows an attacker to poison the cache. This issue affects Apache Traffic Server 7.0.0 to 7.1.12, 8.0.0 to 8.1.1, 9.0.0 to 9.0.1.
If was found that the NetTest web service can be used to overload the bandwidth of a Apache OpenMeetings server. This issue was addressed in Apache OpenMeetings 6.0.0
In the Druid ingestion system, the InputSource is used for reading data from a certain data source. However, the HTTP InputSource allows authenticated users to read data from other sources than intended, such as the local file system, with the privileges of the Druid server process. This is not an elevation of privilege when users access Druid directly, since Druid also provides the Local InputSource, which allows the same level of access. But it is problematic when users interact with Druid indirectly through an application that allows users to specify the HTTP InputSource, but not the Local InputSource. In this case, users could bypass the application-level restriction by passing a file URL to the HTTP InputSource.
Apache Druid allows users to read data from other database systems using JDBC. This functionality is to allow trusted users with the proper permissions to set up lookups or submit ingestion tasks. The MySQL JDBC driver supports certain properties, which, if left unmitigated, can allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code from a hacker-controlled malicious MySQL server within Druid server processes. This issue was addressed in Apache Druid 0.20.2
The lineage endpoint of the deprecated Experimental API was not protected by authentication in Airflow 2.0.0. This allowed unauthenticated users to hit that endpoint. This is low-severity issue as the attacker needs to be aware of certain parameters to pass to that endpoint and even after can just get some metadata about a DAG and a Task. This issue affects Apache Airflow 2.0.0.
In Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.0 to 2.4.46 a specially crafted SessionHeader sent by an origin server could cause a heap overflow
Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.0 to 2.4.46 A specially crafted Cookie header handled by mod_session can cause a NULL pointer dereference and crash, leading to a possible Denial Of Service
Improper Access Control on Configurations Endpoint for the Stable API of Apache Airflow allows users with Viewer or User role to get Airflow Configurations including sensitive information even when `[webserver] expose_config` is set to `False` in `airflow.cfg`. This allowed a privilege escalation attack. This issue affects Apache Airflow 2.0.0.
Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability of Apache ShardingSphere-UI allows an attacker to inject outer link resources. This issue affects Apache ShardingSphere-UI Apache ShardingSphere-UI version 4.1.1 and later versions; Apache ShardingSphere-UI versions prior to 5.0.0.
Livy server version 0.7.0-incubating (only) is vulnerable to a cross site scripting issue in the session name. A malicious user could use this flaw to access logs and results of other users' sessions and run jobs with their privileges. This issue is fixed in Livy 0.7.1-incubating.
Apache Nuttx Versions prior to 10.1.0 are vulnerable to integer wrap-around in functions malloc, realloc and memalign. This improper memory assignment can lead to arbitrary memory allocation, resulting in unexpected behavior such as a crash or a remote code injection/execution.
In the default configuration, Apache MyFaces Core versions 2.2.0 to 2.2.13, 2.3.0 to 2.3.7, 2.3-next-M1 to 2.3-next-M4, and 3.0.0-RC1 use cryptographically weak implicit and explicit cross-site request forgery (CSRF) tokens. Due to that limitation, it is possible (although difficult) for an attacker to calculate a future CSRF token value and to use that value to trick a user into executing unwanted actions on an application.
Apache OFBiz has unsafe deserialization prior to 17.12.06. An unauthenticated attacker can use this vulnerability to successfully take over Apache OFBiz.
Apache Maven will follow repositories that are defined in a dependency&amp;#8217;s Project Object Model (pom) which may be surprising to some users, resulting in potential risk if a malicious actor takes over that repository or is able to insert themselves into a position to pretend to be that repository. Maven is changing the default behavior in 3.8.1+ to no longer follow http (non-SSL) repository references by default. More details available in the referenced urls. If you are currently using a repository manager to govern the repositories used by your builds, you are unaffected by the risks present in the legacy behavior, and are unaffected by this vulnerability and change to default behavior. See this link for more information about repository management: https://maven.apache.org/repository-management.html
While investigating ARTEMIS-2964 it was found that the creation of advisory messages in the OpenWire protocol head of Apache ActiveMQ Artemis 2.15.0 bypassed policy based access control for the entire session. Production of advisory messages was not subject to access control in error.
The optional ActiveMQ LDAP login module can be configured to use anonymous access to the LDAP server. In this case, for Apache ActiveMQ Artemis prior to version 2.16.0 and Apache ActiveMQ prior to versions 5.16.1 and 5.15.14, the anonymous context is used to verify a valid users password in error, resulting in no check on the password.
In Apache Ofbiz, versions v17.12.01 to v17.12.07 implement a try catch exception to handle errors at multiple locations but leaks out sensitive table info which may aid the attacker for further recon. A user can register with a very long password, but when he tries to login with it an exception occurs.
Apache Druid includes the ability to execute user-provided JavaScript code embedded in various types of requests. This functionality is intended for use in high-trust environments, and is disabled by default. However, in Druid 0.20.0 and earlier, it is possible for an authenticated user to send a specially-crafted request that forces Druid to run user-provided JavaScript code for that request, regardless of server configuration. This can be leveraged to execute code on the target machine with the privileges of the Druid server process.
ZKConfigurationStore which is optionally used by CapacityScheduler of Apache Hadoop YARN deserializes data obtained from ZooKeeper without validation. An attacker having access to ZooKeeper can run arbitrary commands as YARN user by exploiting this. Users should upgrade to Apache Hadoop 2.10.2, 3.2.4, 3.3.4 or later (containing YARN-11126) if ZKConfigurationStore is used.
Each Apache Dubbo server will set a serialization id to tell the clients which serialization protocol it is working on. But for Dubbo versions before 2.7.8 or 2.6.9, an attacker can choose which serialization id the Provider will use by tampering with the byte preamble flags, aka, not following the server's instruction. This means that if a weak deserializer such as the Kryo and FST are somehow in code scope (e.g. if Kryo is somehow a part of a dependency), a remote unauthenticated attacker can tell the Provider to use the weak deserializer, and then proceed to exploit it.
In Apache Dubbo prior to 2.6.9 and 2.7.9, the usage of parseURL method will lead to the bypass of white host check which can cause open redirect or SSRF vulnerability.
The fix for CVE-2020-9484 was incomplete. When using Apache Tomcat 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.0, 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.41, 8.5.0 to 8.5.61 or 7.0.0. to 7.0.107 with a configuration edge case that was highly unlikely to be used, the Tomcat instance was still vulnerable to CVE-2020-9494. Note that both the previously published prerequisites for CVE-2020-9484 and the previously published mitigations for CVE-2020-9484 also apply to this issue.
When responding to new h2c connection requests, Apache Tomcat versions 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.0, 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.41 and 8.5.0 to 8.5.61 could duplicate request headers and a limited amount of request body from one request to another meaning user A and user B could both see the results of user A's request.
When serving resources from a network location using the NTFS file system, Apache Tomcat versions 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.0-M9, 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.39, 8.5.0 to 8.5.59 and 7.0.0 to 7.0.106 were susceptible to JSP source code disclosure in some configurations. The root cause was the unexpected behaviour of the JRE API File.getCanonicalPath() which in turn was caused by the inconsistent behaviour of the Windows API (FindFirstFileW) in some circumstances.
In Apache Teaclave Rust SGX SDK 1.1.3, a side-channel vulnerability in base64 PEM file decoding allows system-level (administrator) attackers to obtain information about secret RSA keys via a controlled-channel and side-channel attack on software running in isolated environments that can be single stepped, especially Intel SGX.
A DNS proxy and possible amplification attack vulnerability in WebClientInfo of Apache Wicket allows an attacker to trigger arbitrary DNS lookups from the server when the X-Forwarded-For header is not properly sanitized. This DNS lookup can be engineered to overload an internal DNS server or to slow down request processing of the Apache Wicket application causing a possible denial of service on either the internal infrastructure or the web application itself. This issue affects Apache Wicket Apache Wicket 9.x version 9.2.0 and prior versions; Apache Wicket 8.x version 8.11.0 and prior versions; Apache Wicket 7.x version 7.17.0 and prior versions and Apache Wicket 6.x version 6.2.0 and later versions.
An XML external entity (XXE) injection vulnerability was discovered in the Nutch DmozParser and is known to affect Nutch versions &lt; 1.18. XML external entity injection (also known as XXE) is a web security vulnerability that allows an attacker to interfere with an application's processing of XML data. It often allows an attacker to view files on the application server filesystem, and to interact with any back-end or external systems that the application itself can access. This issue is fixed in Apache Nutch 1.18.
The package python/cpython from 0 and before 3.6.13, from 3.7.0 and before 3.7.10, from 3.8.0 and before 3.8.8, from 3.9.0 and before 3.9.2 are vulnerable to Web Cache Poisoning via urllib.parse.parse_qsl and urllib.parse.parse_qs by using a vector called parameter cloaking. When the attacker can separate query parameters using a semicolon (;), they can cause a difference in the interpretation of the request between the proxy (running with default configuration) and the server. This can result in malicious requests being cached as completely safe ones, as the proxy would usually not see the semicolon as a separator, and therefore would not include it in a cache key of an unkeyed parameter.
A security issue in nginx resolver was identified, which might allow an attacker who is able to forge UDP packets from the DNS server to cause 1-byte memory overwrite, resulting in worker process crash or potential other impact.
CXF supports (via JwtRequestCodeFilter) passing OAuth 2 parameters via a JWT token as opposed to query parameters (see: The OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework: JWT Secured Authorization Request (JAR)). Instead of sending a JWT token as a "request" parameter, the spec also supports specifying a URI from which to retrieve a JWT token from via the "request_uri" parameter. CXF was not validating the "request_uri" parameter (apart from ensuring it uses "https) and was making a REST request to the parameter in the request to retrieve a token. This means that CXF was vulnerable to DDos attacks on the authorization server, as specified in section 10.4.1 of the spec. This issue affects Apache CXF versions prior to 3.4.3; Apache CXF versions prior to 3.3.10.
If Apache Pulsar is configured to authenticate clients using tokens based on JSON Web Tokens (JWT), the signature of the token is not validated if the algorithm of the presented token is set to "none". This allows an attacker to connect to Pulsar instances as any user (incl. admins).
Improper configuration will cause ServiceComb ServiceCenter Directory Traversal problem in ServcieCenter 1.x.x versions and fixed in 2.0.0.
MinIO is a High Performance Object Storage released under Apache License v2.0. In MinIO before version RELEASE.2021-01-30T00-20-58Z there is a server-side request forgery vulnerability. The target application may have functionality for importing data from a URL, publishing data to a URL, or otherwise reading data from a URL that can be tampered with. The attacker modifies the calls to this functionality by supplying a completely different URL or by manipulating how URLs are built (path traversal etc.). In a Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) attack, the attacker can abuse functionality on the server to read or update internal resources. The attacker can supply or modify a URL which the code running on the server will read or submit data, and by carefully selecting the URLs, the attacker may be able to read server configuration such as AWS metadata, connect to internal services like HTTP enabled databases, or perform post requests towards internal services which are not intended to be exposed. This is fixed in version RELEASE.2021-01-30T00-20-58Z, all users are advised to upgrade. As a workaround you can disable the browser front-end with "MINIO_BROWSER=off" environment variable.
OneDev is an all-in-one devops platform. In OneDev before version 4.0.3 there is a critical "zip slip" vulnerability. This issue may lead to arbitrary file write. The KubernetesResource REST endpoint untars user controlled data from the request body using TarUtils. TarUtils is a custom library method leveraging Apache Commons Compress. During the untar process, there are no checks in place to prevent an untarred file from traversing the file system and overriding an existing file. For a successful exploitation, the attacker requires a valid __JobToken__ which may not be possible to get without using any of the other reported vulnerabilities. But this should be considered a vulnerability in `io.onedev.commons.utils.TarUtils` since it lives in a different artifact and can affect other projects using it. This issue was addressed in 4.0.3 by validating paths in tar archive to only allow them to be in specified folder when extracted.
A Stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability in SMA100 Apache httpd server's mod_cgi module environment variables allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to potentially execute code as a 'nobody' user in the appliance. This vulnerability affected SMA 200, 210, 400, 410 and 500v appliances firmware 10.2.0.8-37sv, 10.2.1.1-19sv, 10.2.1.2-24sv and earlier versions.
Apache Guacamole 1.1.0 and older may mishandle pointers involved inprocessing data received via RDP static virtual channels. If a userconnects to a malicious or compromised RDP server, a series ofspecially-crafted PDUs could result in memory corruption, possiblyallowing arbitrary code to be executed with the privileges of therunning guacd process.
Apache Guacamole 1.1.0 and older do not properly validate datareceived from RDP servers via static virtual channels. If a userconnects to a malicious or compromised RDP server, specially-craftedPDUs could result in disclosure of information within the memory ofthe guacd process handling the connection.
XML-RPC request are vulnerable to unsafe deserialization and Cross-Site Scripting issues in Apache OFBiz 17.12.03
Apache Archiva login service before 2.2.5 is vulnerable to LDAP injection. A attacker is able to retrieve user attribute data from the connected LDAP server by providing special values to the login form. With certain characters it is possible to modify the LDAP filter used to query the LDAP users. By measuring the response time for the login request, arbitrary attribute data can be retrieved from LDAP user objects.
Apache Traffic Server 6.0.0 to 6.2.3, 7.0.0 to 7.1.10, and 8.0.0 to 8.0.7 is vulnerable to certain types of HTTP/2 HEADERS frames that can cause the server to allocate a large amount of memory and spin the thread.
A deserialization flaw was found in Apache Chainsaw versions prior to 2.1.0 which could lead to malicious code execution.
In Apache Hadoop 3.2.0 to 3.2.1, 3.0.0-alpha1 to 3.1.3, and 2.0.0-alpha to 2.10.0, WebHDFS client might send SPNEGO authorization header to remote URL without proper verification.
In Apache NiFi 1.2.0 to 1.11.4, the NiFi UI and API were protected by mandating TLS v1.2, as well as listening connections established by processors like ListenHTTP, HandleHttpRequest, etc. However intracluster communication such as cluster request replication, Site-to-Site, and load balanced queues continued to support TLS v1.0 or v1.1.
Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.20 to 2.4.43. A specially crafted value for the 'Cache-Digest' header in a HTTP/2 request would result in a crash when the server actually tries to HTTP/2 PUSH a resource afterwards. Configuring the HTTP/2 feature via "H2Push off" will mitigate this vulnerability for unpatched servers.
A carefully crafted or corrupt file may trigger a System.exit in Tika's OneNote Parser. Crafted or corrupted files can also cause out of memory errors and/or infinite loops in Tika's ICNSParser, MP3Parser, MP4Parser, SAS7BDATParser, OneNoteParser and ImageParser. Apache Tika users should upgrade to 1.24.1 or later. The vulnerabilities in the MP4Parser were partially fixed by upgrading the com.googlecode:isoparser:1.1.22 dependency to org.tallison:isoparser:1.9.41.2. For unrelated security reasons, we upgraded org.apache.cxf to 3.3.6 as part of the 1.24.1 release.
Improper validation of certificate with host mismatch in Apache Log4j SMTP appender. This could allow an SMTPS connection to be intercepted by a man-in-the-middle attack which could leak any log messages sent through that appender. Fixed in Apache Log4j 2.12.3 and 2.13.1
In Apache NiFi 1.0.0 to 1.11.4, the NiFi download token (one-time password) mechanism used a fixed cache size and did not authenticate a request to create a download token, only when attempting to use the token to access the content. An unauthenticated user could repeatedly request download tokens, preventing legitimate users from requesting download tokens.
In Apache NiFi 1.10.0 to 1.11.4, the NiFi stateless execution engine produced log output which included sensitive property values. When a flow was triggered, the flow definition configuration JSON was printed, potentially containing sensitive values in plaintext.
An issue was found in Apache Airflow versions 1.10.10 and below. A stored XSS vulnerability was discovered in the Chart pages of the the "classic" UI.
When using Apache Tomcat versions 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.0-M4, 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.34, 8.5.0 to 8.5.54 and 7.0.0 to 7.0.103 if a) an attacker is able to control the contents and name of a file on the server; and b) the server is configured to use the PersistenceManager with a FileStore; and c) the PersistenceManager is configured with sessionAttributeValueClassNameFilter="null" (the default unless a SecurityManager is used) or a sufficiently lax filter to allow the attacker provided object to be deserialized; and d) the attacker knows the relative file path from the storage location used by FileStore to the file the attacker has control over; then, using a specifically crafted request, the attacker will be able to trigger remote code execution via deserialization of the file under their control. Note that all of conditions a) to d) must be true for the attack to succeed.
**Resolved** When use H2/MySQL/TiDB as Apache SkyWalking storage, the metadata query through GraphQL protocol, there is a SQL injection vulnerability, which allows to access unpexcted data. Apache SkyWalking 6.0.0 to 6.6.0, 7.0.0 H2/MySQL/TiDB storage implementations don't use the appropriate way to set SQL parameters.
Apache ATS 6.0.0 to 6.2.3, 7.0.0 to 7.1.9, and 8.0.0 to 8.0.6 is vulnerable to a HTTP/2 slow read attack.
In Apache Spark 2.4.5 and earlier, a standalone resource manager's master may be configured to require authentication (spark.authenticate) via a shared secret. When enabled, however, a specially-crafted RPC to the master can succeed in starting an application's resources on the Spark cluster, even without the shared key. This can be leveraged to execute shell commands on the host machine. This does not affect Spark clusters using other resource managers (YARN, Mesos, etc).
When loading a UDF, a specially crafted zip file could allow files to be placed outside of the UDF deployment directory. This issue affected Apache AsterixDB unreleased builds between commits 580b81aa5e8888b8e1b0620521a1c9680e54df73 and 28c0ee84f1387ab5d0659e9e822f4e3923ddc22d. Note: this CVE may be REJECTed as the issue did not affect any released versions of Apache AsterixDB
FasterXML jackson-databind 2.0.0 through 2.9.10.2 lacks certain xbean-reflect/JNDI blocking, as demonstrated by org.apache.xbean.propertyeditor.JndiConverter.
An issue was discovered in EyesOfNetwork 5.3. The sudoers configuration is prone to a privilege escalation vulnerability, allowing the apache user to run arbitrary commands as root via a crafted NSE script for nmap 7.
An issue was discovered in OpServices OpMon 9.3.2. Starting from the apache user account, it is possible to perform privilege escalation through the lack of correct configuration in the server's sudoers file, which by default allows the execution of programs (e.g. nmap) without the need for a password with sudo.
An issue was discovered in FusionAuth before 1.11.0. An authenticated user, allowed to edit e-mail templates (Home -&gt; Settings -&gt; Email Templates) or themes (Home -&gt; Settings -&gt; Themes), can execute commands on the underlying operating system by abusing freemarker.template.utility.Execute in the Apache FreeMarker engine that processes custom templates.
Improper neutralization of argument delimiters in a command in Nagios XI 5.7.3 allows a remote, authenticated admin user to write to arbitrary files and ultimately execute code with the privileges of the apache user.
Improper neutralization of special elements used in an OS command in Nagios XI 5.7.3 allows a remote, authenticated admin user to execute operating system commands with the privileges of the apache user.
MAGMI versions prior to 0.7.24 are vulnerable to a remote authentication bypass due to allowing default credentials in the event there is a database connection failure. A remote attacker can trigger this connection failure if the Mysql setting max_connections (default 151) is lower than Apache (or another web server) setting MaxRequestWorkers (formerly MaxClients) (default 256). This can be done by sending at least 151 simultaneous requests to the Magento website to trigger a "Too many connections" error, then use default magmi:magmi basic authentication to remotely bypass authentication.
InfoCage SiteShell series (Host type SiteShell for IIS V1.4, V1.5, and V1.6, Host type SiteShell for IIS prior to revision V2.0.0.6, V2.1.0.7, V2.1.1.6, V3.0.0.11, V4.0.0.6, V4.1.0.5, and V4.2.0.1, Host type SiteShell for Apache Windows V1.4, V1.5, and V1.6, and Host type SiteShell for Apache Windows prior to revision V2.0.0.6, V2.1.0.7, V2.1.1.6, V3.0.0.11, V4.0.0.6, V4.1.0.5, and V4.2.0.1) allow authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction and to execute arbitrary code with an elevated privilege via a specially crafted executable files.
In Apache::Session::Browseable before 1.3.6, validity of the X.509 certificate is not checked by default when connecting to remote LDAP backends, because the default configuration of the Net::LDAPS module for Perl is used. NOTE: this can, for example, be fixed in conjunction with the CVE-2020-16093 fix.
In Apache::Session::LDAP before 0.5, validity of the X.509 certificate is not checked by default when connecting to remote LDAP backends, because the default configuration of the Net::LDAPS module for Perl is used. NOTE: this can, for example, be fixed in conjunction with the CVE-2020-16093 fix.
Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.0 to 2.4.46 A specially crafted Digest nonce can cause a stack overflow in mod_auth_digest. There is no report of this overflow being exploitable, nor the Apache HTTP Server team could create one, though some particular compiler and/or compilation option might make it possible, with limited consequences anyway due to the size (a single byte) and the value (zero byte) of the overflow
There is a race condition in OozieSharelibCLI in Apache Oozie before version 5.2.1 which allows a malicious attacker to replace the files in Oozie's sharelib during it's creation.
A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Vision Dynamic Signage Director could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to view potentially sensitive information on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to incorrect permissions within Apache configuration. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request to the web-based management interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to view potentially sensitive information on the affected device.
Command Injection in Nagios Fusion 4.1.8 and earlier allows Privilege Escalation from apache to root in cmd_subsys.php.
An issue was discovered in Legion of the Bouncy Castle BC Java 1.65 and 1.66. The OpenBSDBCrypt.checkPassword utility method compared incorrect data when checking the password, allowing incorrect passwords to indicate they were matching with previously hashed ones that were different.
In Eclipse Jetty version 9.4.0.RC0 to 9.4.34.v20201102, 10.0.0.alpha0 to 10.0.0.beta2, and 11.0.0.alpha0 to 11.0.0.beta2, if GZIP request body inflation is enabled and requests from different clients are multiplexed onto a single connection, and if an attacker can send a request with a body that is received entirely but not consumed by the application, then a subsequent request on the same connection will see that body prepended to its body. The attacker will not see any data but may inject data into the body of the subsequent request.
In Eclipse Jetty versions 1.0 thru 9.4.32.v20200930, 10.0.0.alpha1 thru 10.0.0.beta2, and 11.0.0.alpha1 thru 11.0.0.beta2O, on Unix like systems, the system's temporary directory is shared between all users on that system. A collocated user can observe the process of creating a temporary sub directory in the shared temporary directory and race to complete the creation of the temporary subdirectory. If the attacker wins the race then they will have read and write permission to the subdirectory used to unpack web applications, including their WEB-INF/lib jar files and JSP files. If any code is ever executed out of this temporary directory, this can lead to a local privilege escalation vulnerability.
In Legion of the Bouncy Castle BC before 1.61 and BC-FJA before 1.0.1.2, attackers can obtain sensitive information about a private exponent because of Observable Differences in Behavior to Error Inputs. This occurs in org.bouncycastle.crypto.encodings.OAEPEncoding. Sending invalid ciphertext that decrypts to a short payload in the OAEP Decoder could result in the throwing of an early exception, potentially leaking some information about the private exponent of the RSA private key performing the encryption.
A flaw was found in FasterXML Jackson Databind, where it did not have entity expansion secured properly. This flaw allows vulnerability to XML external entity (XXE) attacks. The highest threat from this vulnerability is data integrity.
FreedomBox through 20.13 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information from the /server-status page of the Apache HTTP Server, because a connection from the Tor onion service (or from PageKite) is considered a local connection. This affects both the freedombox and plinth packages of some Linux distributions, but only if the Apache mod_status module is enabled.
It was noticed that Apache Heron 0.20.2-incubating, Release 0.20.1-incubating, and Release v-0.20.0-incubating does not configure its YAML parser to prevent the instantiation of arbitrary types, resulting in a remote code execution vulnerabilities (CWE-502: Deserialization of Untrusted Data).
Apache Ignite uses H2 database to build SQL distributed execution engine. H2 provides SQL functions which could be used by attacker to access to a filesystem.
Vulnerability to Server-Side Template Injection on Mail templates for Apache Syncope 2.0.X releases prior to 2.0.15, 2.1.X releases prior to 2.1.6, enabling attackers to inject arbitrary JEXL expressions, leading to Remote Code Execution (RCE) was discovered.
A vulnerability in Apache Flink (1.1.0 to 1.1.5, 1.2.0 to 1.2.1, 1.3.0 to 1.3.3, 1.4.0 to 1.4.2, 1.5.0 to 1.5.6, 1.6.0 to 1.6.4, 1.7.0 to 1.7.2, 1.8.0 to 1.8.3, 1.9.0 to 1.9.2, 1.10.0) where, when running a process with an enabled JMXReporter, with a port configured via metrics.reporter.reporter_name&gt;.port, an attacker with local access to the machine and JMX port can execute a man-in-the-middle attack using a specially crafted request to rebind the JMXRMI registry to one under the attacker's control. This compromises any connection established to the process via JMX, allowing extraction of credentials and any other transferred data.
A Server-Side Template Injection was identified in Apache Syncope prior to 2.1.6 enabling attackers to inject arbitrary Java EL expressions, leading to an unauthenticated Remote Code Execution (RCE) vulnerability. Apache Syncope uses Java Bean Validation (JSR 380) custom constraint validators. When building custom constraint violation error messages, they support different types of interpolation, including Java EL expressions. Therefore, if an attacker can inject arbitrary data in the error message template being passed, they will be able to run arbitrary Java code.
When LDAP authentication is enabled in Apache Druid 0.17.0, callers of Druid APIs with a valid set of LDAP credentials can bypass the credentialsValidator.userSearch filter barrier that determines if a valid LDAP user is allowed to authenticate with Druid. They are still subject to role-based authorization checks, if configured. Callers of Druid APIs can also retrieve any LDAP attribute values of users that exist on the LDAP server, so long as that information is visible to the Druid server. This information disclosure does not require the caller itself to be a valid LDAP user.
Apache Shiro before 1.5.2, when using Apache Shiro with Spring dynamic controllers, a specially crafted request may cause an authentication bypass.
Apache Kylin 2.3.0, and releases up to 2.6.5 and 3.0.1 has some restful apis which will concatenate os command with the user input string, a user is likely to be able to execute any os command without any protection or validation.
Apache CXF has the ability to integrate with JMX by registering an InstrumentationManager extension with the CXF bus. If the &amp;#8216;createMBServerConnectorFactory&amp;#8216; property of the default InstrumentationManagerImpl is not disabled, then it is vulnerable to a man-in-the-middle (MITM) style attack. An attacker on the same host can connect to the registry and rebind the entry to another server, thus acting as a proxy to the original. They are then able to gain access to all of the information that is sent and received over JMX.
Apache Commons Configuration uses a third-party library to parse YAML files which by default allows the instantiation of classes if the YAML includes special statements. Apache Commons Configuration versions 2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 2.5, 2.6 did not change the default settings of this library. So if a YAML file was loaded from an untrusted source, it could therefore load and execute code out of the control of the host application.
An issue was found in Apache IoTDB .9.0 to 0.9.1 and 0.8.0 to 0.8.2. When starting IoTDB, the JMX port 31999 is exposed with no certification.Then, clients could execute code remotely.
A carefully crafted or corrupt PSD file can cause an infinite loop in Apache Tika's PSDParser in versions 1.0-1.23.
A carefully crafted or corrupt PSD file can cause excessive memory usage in Apache Tika's PSDParser in versions 1.0-1.23.
In Apache ShardingSphere(incubator) 4.0.0-RC3 and 4.0.0, the ShardingSphere's web console uses the SnakeYAML library for parsing YAML inputs to load datasource configuration. SnakeYAML allows to unmarshal data to a Java type By using the YAML tag. Unmarshalling untrusted data can lead to security flaws of RCE.
In Apache SpamAssassin before 3.4.5, malicious rule configuration (.cf) files can be configured to run system commands without any output or errors. With this, exploits can be injected in a number of scenarios. In addition to upgrading to SA version 3.4.5, users should only use update channels or 3rd party .cf files from trusted places.
Apache Ant 1.1 to 1.9.14 and 1.10.0 to 1.10.7 uses the default temporary directory identified by the Java system property java.io.tmpdir for several tasks and may thus leak sensitive information. The fixcrlf and replaceregexp tasks also copy files from the temporary directory back into the build tree allowing an attacker to inject modified source files into the build process.
There is a vulnerability in Apache Traffic Server 6.0.0 to 6.2.3, 7.0.0 to 7.1.8, and 8.0.0 to 8.0.5 with a smuggling attack and Transfer-Encoding and Content length headers. Upgrade to versions 7.1.9 and 8.0.6 or later versions.
Data sent with contentId to /control/stream is not sanitized, allowing XSS attacks in Apache OFBiz 16.11.01 to 16.11.07.
In Apache NiFi 0.0.1 to 1.11.0, the flow fingerprint factory generated flow fingerprints which included sensitive property descriptor values. In the event a node attempted to join a cluster and the cluster flow was not inheritable, the flow fingerprint of both the cluster and local flow was printed, potentially containing sensitive values in plaintext.
In Apache ActiveMQ 5.0.0 to 5.15.11, the webconsole admin GUI is open to XSS, in the view that lists the contents of a queue.
The optional initial password change and password expiration features present in Apache Jackrabbit Oak 1.2.0 to 1.22.0 are prone to a sensitive information disclosure vulnerability. The code mandates the changed password to be passed as an additional attribute to the credentials object but does not remove it upon processing during the first phase of the authentication. In combination with additional, independent authentication mechanisms, this may lead to the new password being disclosed.
The Apache NuttX (Incubating) project provides an optional separate "apps" repository which contains various optional components and example programs. One of these, ftpd, had a NULL pointer dereference bug. The NuttX RTOS itself is not affected. Users of the optional apps repository are affected only if they have enabled ftpd. Versions 6.15 to 8.2 are affected.
When using the Apache JServ Protocol (AJP), care must be taken when trusting incoming connections to Apache Tomcat. Tomcat treats AJP connections as having higher trust than, for example, a similar HTTP connection. If such connections are available to an attacker, they can be exploited in ways that may be surprising. In Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.30, 8.5.0 to 8.5.50 and 7.0.0 to 7.0.99, Tomcat shipped with an AJP Connector enabled by default that listened on all configured IP addresses. It was expected (and recommended in the security guide) that this Connector would be disabled if not required. This vulnerability report identified a mechanism that allowed: - returning arbitrary files from anywhere in the web application - processing any file in the web application as a JSP Further, if the web application allowed file upload and stored those files within the web application (or the attacker was able to control the content of the web application by some other means) then this, along with the ability to process a file as a JSP, made remote code execution possible. It is important to note that mitigation is only required if an AJP port is accessible to untrusted users. Users wishing to take a defence-in-depth approach and block the vector that permits returning arbitrary files and execution as JSP may upgrade to Apache Tomcat 9.0.31, 8.5.51 or 7.0.100 or later. A number of changes were made to the default AJP Connector configuration in 9.0.31 to harden the default configuration. It is likely that users upgrading to 9.0.31, 8.5.51 or 7.0.100 or later will need to make small changes to their configurations.
Kylin has some restful apis which will concatenate SQLs with the user input string, a user is likely to be able to run malicious database queries.
A cross-site scripting issue was found in Apache Ambari Views. This was addressed in Apache Ambari 2.7.4.
In Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.30, 8.5.0 to 8.5.50 and 7.0.0 to 7.0.99 the HTTP header parsing code used an approach to end-of-line parsing that allowed some invalid HTTP headers to be parsed as valid. This led to a possibility of HTTP Request Smuggling if Tomcat was located behind a reverse proxy that incorrectly handled the invalid Transfer-Encoding header in a particular manner. Such a reverse proxy is considered unlikely.
In Apache HTTP Server 2.4.0 to 2.4.41, mod_proxy_ftp may use uninitialized memory when proxying to a malicious FTP server.
A XSS vulnerability was found in Apache NiFi 1.0.0 to 1.10.0. Malicious scripts could be injected to the UI through action by an unaware authenticated user in Firefox. Did not appear to occur in other browsers.
An information disclosure issue was found in Apache Superset 0.34.0, 0.34.1, 0.35.0, and 0.35.1. Authenticated Apache Superset users are able to retrieve other users' information, including hashed passwords, by accessing an unused and undocumented API endpoint on Apache Superset.
A command execution issue was found in Apache SpamAssassin prior to 3.4.3. Carefully crafted nefarious Configuration (.cf) files can be configured to run system commands similar to CVE-2018-11805. This issue is less stealthy and attempts to exploit the issue will throw warnings. Thanks to Damian Lukowski at credativ for reporting the issue ethically. With this bug unpatched, exploits can be injected in a number of scenarios though doing so remotely is difficult. In addition to upgrading to SA 3.4.4, we again recommend that users should only use update channels or 3rd party .cf files from trusted places.
A command execution issue was found in Apache SpamAssassin prior to 3.4.3. Carefully crafted nefarious rule configuration (.cf) files can be configured to run system commands similar to CVE-2018-11805. With this bug unpatched, exploits can be injected in a number of scenarios including the same privileges as spamd is run which may be elevated though doing so remotely is difficult. In addition to upgrading to SA 3.4.4, we again recommend that users should only use update channels or 3rd party .cf files from trusted places. If you cannot upgrade, do not use 3rd party rulesets, do not use sa-compile and do not run spamd as an account with elevated privileges.
The Apache Beam MongoDB connector in versions 2.10.0 to 2.16.0 has an option to disable SSL trust verification. However this configuration is not respected and the certificate verification disables trust verification in every case. This exclusion also gets registered globally which disables trust checking for any code running in the same JVM.
An information disclosure vulnerability was found in Apache NiFi 1.10.0. The sensitive parameter parser would log parsed values for debugging purposes. This would expose literal values entered in a sensitive property when no parameter was present.
In Apache HTTP Server 2.4.0 to 2.4.41, redirects configured with mod_rewrite that were intended to be self-referential might be fooled by encoded newlines and redirect instead to an an unexpected URL within the request URL.
Apache Hive cookie signature verification used a non constant time comparison which is known to be vulnerable to timing attacks. This could allow recovery of another users cookie signature. The issue was addressed in Apache Hive 2.3.8
Apache Olingo versions 4.0.0 to 4.7.0 provide the AsyncRequestWrapperImpl class which reads a URL from the Location header, and then sends a GET or DELETE request to this URL. It may allow to implement a SSRF attack. If an attacker tricks a client to connect to a malicious server, the server can make the client call any URL including internal resources which are not directly accessible by the attacker.
Jeesite 1.2.7 uses the apache shiro version 1.2.3 affected by CVE-2016-4437. Because of this version of the java deserialization vulnerability, an attacker could exploit the vulnerability to execute arbitrary commands via the rememberMe parameter.
There exists a race condition between the deletion of the temporary file and the creation of the temporary directory in `webkit` subproject of HTML/Java API version 1.7. A similar vulnerability has recently been disclosed in other Java projects and the fix in HTML/Java API version 1.7.1 follows theirs: To avoid local privilege escalation version 1.7.1 creates the temporary directory atomically without dealing with the temporary file: https://github.com/apache/netbeans-html4j/commit/fa70e507e5555e1adb4f6518479fc408a7abd0e6
Apache Accumulo versions 1.5.0 through 1.10.0 and version 2.0.0 do not properly check the return value of some policy enforcement functions before permitting an authenticated user to perform certain administrative operations. Specifically, the return values of the 'canFlush' and 'canPerformSystemActions' security functions are not checked in some instances, therefore allowing an authenticated user with insufficient permissions to perform the following actions: flushing a table, shutting down Accumulo or an individual tablet server, and setting or removing system-wide Accumulo configuration properties.
When handler-router component is enabled in servicecomb-java-chassis, authenticated user may inject some data and cause arbitrary code execution. The problem happens in versions between 2.0.0 ~ 2.1.3 and fixed in Apache ServiceComb-Java-Chassis 2.1.5
A Java Serialization vulnerability was found in Apache Tapestry 4. Apache Tapestry 4 will attempt to deserialize the "sp" parameter even before invoking the page's validate method, leading to deserialization without authentication. Apache Tapestry 4 reached end of life in 2008 and no update to address this issue will be released. Apache Tapestry 5 versions are not vulnerable to this issue. Users of Apache Tapestry 4 should upgrade to the latest Apache Tapestry 5 version.
Forced OGNL evaluation, when evaluated on raw user input in tag attributes, may lead to remote code execution. Affected software : Apache Struts 2.0.0 - Struts 2.5.25.
Out-of-bounds Write vulnerability in TCP Stack of Apache NuttX (incubating) versions up to and including 9.1.0 and 10.0.0 allows attacker to corrupt memory by supplying and invalid fragmentation offset value specified in the IP header. This is only impacts builds with both CONFIG_EXPERIMENTAL and CONFIG_NET_TCP_REASSEMBLY build flags enabled.
Out-of-bounds Write vulnerability in TCP stack of Apache NuttX (incubating) versions up to and including 9.1.0 and 10.0.0 allows attacker to corrupt memory by supplying arbitrary urgent data pointer offsets within TCP packets including beyond the length of the packet.
While investigating bug 64830 it was discovered that Apache Tomcat 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.0-M9, 9.0.0-M1 to 9.0.39 and 8.5.0 to 8.5.59 could re-use an HTTP request header value from the previous stream received on an HTTP/2 connection for the request associated with the subsequent stream. While this would most likely lead to an error and the closure of the HTTP/2 connection, it is possible that information could leak between requests.
Incorrect Session Validation in Apache Airflow Webserver versions prior to 1.10.14 with default config allows a malicious airflow user on site A where they log in normally, to access unauthorized Airflow Webserver on Site B through the session from Site A. This does not affect users who have changed the default value for `[webserver] secret_key` config.
Apache Shiro before 1.7.1, when using Apache Shiro with Spring, a specially crafted HTTP request may cause an authentication bypass.
When ORT (now via atstccfg) generates ip_allow.config files in Apache Traffic Control 3.0.0 to 3.1.0 and 4.0.0 to 4.1.0, those files include permissions that allow bad actors to push arbitrary content into and remove arbitrary content from CDN cache servers. Additionally, these permissions are potentially extended to IP addresses outside the desired range, resulting in them being granted to clients possibly outside the CDN arcitechture.
Apache Groovy provides extension methods to aid with creating temporary directories. Prior to this fix, Groovy's implementation of those extension methods was using a now superseded Java JDK method call that is potentially not secure on some operating systems in some contexts. Users not using the extension methods mentioned in the advisory are not affected, but may wish to read the advisory for further details. Versions Affected: 2.0 to 2.4.20, 2.5.0 to 2.5.13, 3.0.0 to 3.0.6, and 4.0.0-alpha-1. Fixed in versions 2.4.21, 2.5.14, 3.0.7, 4.0.0-alpha-2.
A change introduced in Apache Flink 1.11.0 (and released in 1.11.1 and 1.11.2 as well) allows attackers to read any file on the local filesystem of the JobManager through the REST interface of the JobManager process. Access is restricted to files accessible by the JobManager process. All users should upgrade to Flink 1.11.3 or 1.12.0 if their Flink instance(s) are exposed. The issue was fixed in commit b561010b0ee741543c3953306037f00d7a9f0801 from apache/flink:master.
Apache Flink 1.5.1 introduced a REST handler that allows you to write an uploaded file to an arbitrary location on the local file system, through a maliciously modified HTTP HEADER. The files can be written to any location accessible by Flink 1.5.1. All users should upgrade to Flink 1.11.3 or 1.12.0 if their Flink instance(s) are exposed. The issue was fixed in commit a5264a6f41524afe8ceadf1d8ddc8c80f323ebc4 from apache/flink:master.
The S3 buckets and keys in a secure Apache Ozone Cluster must be inaccessible to anonymous access by default. The current security vulnerability allows access to keys and buckets through a curl command or an unauthenticated HTTP request. This enables unauthorized access to buckets and keys thereby exposing data to anonymous clients or users. This affected Apache Ozone prior to the 1.1.0 release.
Apache Cassandra versions 2.1.0 to 2.1.22, 2.2.0 to 2.2.19, 3.0.0 to 3.0.23, and 3.11.0 to 3.11.9, when using 'dc' or 'rack' internode_encryption setting, allows both encrypted and unencrypted internode connections. A misconfigured node or a malicious user can use the unencrypted connection despite not being in the same rack or dc, and bypass mutual TLS requirement.
The "origin" parameter passed to some of the endpoints like '/trigger' was vulnerable to XSS exploit. This issue affects Apache Airflow versions prior to 1.10.13. This is same as CVE-2020-13944 but the implemented fix in Airflow 1.10.13 did not fix the issue completely.
Apache Fineract prior to 1.5.0 disables HTTPS hostname verification in ProcessorHelper in the configureClient method. Under typical deployments, a man in the middle attack could be successful.
In Apache Airflow versions prior to 1.10.13, the Charts and Query View of the old (Flask-admin based) UI were vulnerable for SSRF attack.
Apache Shiro before 1.7.0, when using Apache Shiro with Spring, a specially crafted HTTP request may cause an authentication bypass.
ATS negative cache option is vulnerable to a cache poisoning attack. If you have this option enabled, please upgrade or disable this feature. Apache Traffic Server versions 7.0.0 to 7.1.11 and 8.0.0 to 8.1.0 are affected.
The ATS ESI plugin has a memory disclosure vulnerability. If you are running the plugin please upgrade. Apache Traffic Server versions 7.0.0 to 7.1.11 and 8.0.0 to 8.1.0 are affected.
In JetBrains Kotlin from 1.4-M1 to 1.4-RC (as Kotlin 1.3.7x is not affected by the issue. Fixed version is 1.4.0) there is a script-cache privilege escalation vulnerability due to kotlin-main-kts cached scripts in the system temp directory, which is shared by all users by default.
In JUnit4 from version 4.7 and before 4.13.1, the test rule TemporaryFolder contains a local information disclosure vulnerability. On Unix like systems, the system's temporary directory is shared between all users on that system. Because of this, when files and directories are written into this directory they are, by default, readable by other users on that same system. This vulnerability does not allow other users to overwrite the contents of these directories or files. This is purely an information disclosure vulnerability. This vulnerability impacts you if the JUnit tests write sensitive information, like API keys or passwords, into the temporary folder, and the JUnit tests execute in an environment where the OS has other untrusted users. Because certain JDK file system APIs were only added in JDK 1.7, this this fix is dependent upon the version of the JDK you are using. For Java 1.7 and higher users: this vulnerability is fixed in 4.13.1. For Java 1.6 and lower users: no patch is available, you must use the workaround below. If you are unable to patch, or are stuck running on Java 1.6, specifying the `java.io.tmpdir` system environment variable to a directory that is exclusively owned by the executing user will fix this vulnerability. For more information, including an example of vulnerable code, see the referenced GitHub Security Advisory.
FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.5 mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing, related to oadd.org.apache.xalan.lib.sql.JNDIConnectionPool (aka apache/drill).
The default error page for VelocityView in Apache Velocity Tools prior to 3.1 reflects back the vm file that was entered as part of the URL. An attacker can set an XSS payload file as this vm file in the URL which results in this payload being executed. XSS vulnerabilities allow attackers to execute arbitrary JavaScript in the context of the attacked website and the attacked user. This can be abused to steal session cookies, perform requests in the name of the victim or for phishing attacks.
A vulnerability in Apache OpenOffice scripting events allows an attacker to construct documents containing hyperlinks pointing to an executable on the target users file system. These hyperlinks can be triggered unconditionally. In fixed versions no internal protocol may be called from the document event handler and other hyperlinks require a control-click.
Apache Solr versions 6.6.0 to 6.6.6, 7.0.0 to 7.7.3 and 8.0.0 to 8.6.2 prevents some features considered dangerous (which could be used for remote code execution) to be configured in a ConfigSet that's uploaded via API without authentication/authorization. The checks in place to prevent such features can be circumvented by using a combination of UPLOAD/CREATE actions.
Apache HttpClient versions prior to version 4.5.13 and 5.0.3 can misinterpret malformed authority component in request URIs passed to the library as java.net.URI object and pick the wrong target host for request execution.
HttpUtils#getURLConnection method disables explicitly hostname verification for HTTPS connections making clients vulnerable to man-in-the-middle attacks. Calcite uses internally this method to connect with Druid and Splunk so information leakage may happen when using the respective Calcite adapters. The method itself is in a utility class so people may use it to create vulnerable HTTPS connections for other applications. From Apache Calcite 1.26 onwards, the hostname verification will be performed using the default JVM truststore.
By default, Apache CXF creates a /services page containing a listing of the available endpoint names and addresses. This webpage is vulnerable to a reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attack via the styleSheetPath, which allows a malicious actor to inject javascript into the web page. This vulnerability affects all versions of Apache CXF prior to 3.4.1 and 3.3.8. Please note that this is a separate issue to CVE-2019-17573.
In Apache Tapestry from 5.4.0 to 5.5.0, crafting specific URLs, an attacker can download files inside the WEB-INF folder of the WAR being run.
In the course of work on the open source project it was discovered that authenticated users running queries against Hive and Presto database engines could access information via a number of templated fields including the contents of query description metadata database, the hashed version of the authenticated users&amp;#8217; password, and access to connection information including the plaintext password for the current connection. It would also be possible to run arbitrary methods on the database connection object for the Presto or Hive connection, allowing the user to bypass security controls internal to Superset. This vulnerability is present in every Apache Superset version &lt; 0.37.2.
Attackers can use public NetTest web service of Apache OpenMeetings 4.0.0-5.0.0 to organize denial of service attack.
Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.41 to 2.4.46 mod_proxy_http can be made to crash (NULL pointer dereference) with specially crafted requests using both Content-Length and Transfer-Encoding headers, leading to a Denial of Service
In Apache Thrift 0.9.3 to 0.13.0, malicious RPC clients could send short messages which would result in a large memory allocation, potentially leading to denial of service.
While investigating a bug report on Apache Superset, it was determined that an authenticated user could craft requests via a number of templated text fields in the product that would allow arbitrary access to Python&amp;#8217;s `os` package in the web application process in versions &lt; 0.37.1. It was thus possible for an authenticated user to list and access files, environment variables, and process information. Additionally it was possible to set environment variables for the current process, create and update files in folders writable by the web process, and execute arbitrary programs accessible by the web process. All other operations available to the `os` package in Python were also available, even if not explicitly enumerated in this CVE.
An instance of a cross-site scripting vulnerability was identified to be present in the web based administration console on the message.jsp page of Apache ActiveMQ versions 5.15.12 through 5.16.0.
In Apache Cassandra, all versions prior to 2.1.22, 2.2.18, 3.0.22, 3.11.8 and 4.0-beta2, it is possible for a local attacker without access to the Apache Cassandra process or configuration files to manipulate the RMI registry to perform a man-in-the-middle attack and capture user names and passwords used to access the JMX interface. The attacker can then use these credentials to access the JMX interface and perform unauthorised operations. Users should also be aware of CVE-2019-2684, a JRE vulnerability that enables this issue to be exploited remotely.
In Apache APISIX, the user enabled the Admin API and deleted the Admin API access IP restriction rules. Eventually, the default token is allowed to access APISIX management data. This affects versions 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5.
In Apache Airflow &lt; 1.10.12, the "origin" parameter passed to some of the endpoints like '/trigger' was vulnerable to XSS exploit.
If an HTTP/2 client connecting to Apache Tomcat 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.0-M7, 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.37 or 8.5.0 to 8.5.57 exceeded the agreed maximum number of concurrent streams for a connection (in violation of the HTTP/2 protocol), it was possible that a subsequent request made on that connection could contain HTTP headers - including HTTP/2 pseudo headers - from a previous request rather than the intended headers. This could lead to users seeing responses for unexpected resources.
It is possible to inject malicious OGNL or MVEL scripts into the /context.json public endpoint. This was partially fixed in 1.5.1 but a new attack vector was found. In Apache Unomi version 1.5.2 scripts are now completely filtered from the input. It is highly recommended to upgrade to the latest available version of the 1.5.x release to fix this problem.
Reported in SOLR-14515 (private) and fixed in SOLR-14561 (public), released in Solr version 8.6.0. The Replication handler (https://lucene.apache.org/solr/guide/8_6/index-replication.html#http-api-commands-for-the-replicationhandler) allows commands backup, restore and deleteBackup. Each of these take a location parameter, which was not validated, i.e you could read/write to any location the solr user can access.
In Apache NiFi 1.0.0 to 1.11.4, the notification service manager and various policy authorizer and user group provider objects allowed trusted administrators to inadvertently configure a potentially malicious XML file. The XML file has the ability to make external calls to services (via XXE).
Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.0 to 2.4.46 Unprivileged local users can stop httpd on Windows
Apache Kylin 2.0.0, 2.1.0, 2.2.0, 2.3.0, 2.3.1, 2.3.2, 2.4.0, 2.4.1, 2.5.0, 2.5.1, 2.5.2, 2.6.0, 2.6.1, 2.6.2, 2.6.3, 2.6.4, 2.6.5, 2.6.6, 3.0.0-alpha, 3.0.0-alpha2, 3.0.0-beta, 3.0.0, 3.0.1, 3.0.2, 3.1.0, 4.0.0-alpha has one restful api which exposed Kylin's configuration information without any authentication, so it is dangerous because some confidential information entries will be disclosed to everyone.
An attacker that is able to modify Velocity templates may execute arbitrary Java code or run arbitrary system commands with the same privileges as the account running the Servlet container. This applies to applications that allow untrusted users to upload/modify velocity templates running Apache Velocity Engine versions up to 2.2.
The payload length in a WebSocket frame was not correctly validated in Apache Tomcat 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.0-M6, 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.36, 8.5.0 to 8.5.56 and 7.0.27 to 7.0.104. Invalid payload lengths could trigger an infinite loop. Multiple requests with invalid payload lengths could lead to a denial of service.
An h2c direct connection to Apache Tomcat 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.0-M6, 9.0.0.M5 to 9.0.36 and 8.5.1 to 8.5.56 did not release the HTTP/1.1 processor after the upgrade to HTTP/2. If a sufficient number of such requests were made, an OutOfMemoryException could occur leading to a denial of service.
Apache Shiro before 1.6.0, when using Apache Shiro, a specially crafted HTTP request may cause an authentication bypass.
In Apache ActiveMQ Artemis 2.5.0 to 2.13.0, a specially crafted MQTT packet which has an XSS payload as client-id or topic name can exploit this vulnerability. The XSS payload is being injected into the admin console's browser. The XSS payload is triggered in the diagram plugin; queue node and the info section.
If Apache TomEE 8.0.0-M1 - 8.0.3, 7.1.0 - 7.1.3, 7.0.0-M1 - 7.0.8, 1.0.0 - 1.7.5 is configured to use the embedded ActiveMQ broker, and the broker config is misconfigured, a JMX port is opened on TCP port 1099, which does not include authentication. CVE-2020-11969 previously addressed the creation of the JMX management interface, however the incomplete fix did not cover this edge case.
Authentication bypass vulnerability in Apache Zeppelin allows an attacker to bypass Zeppelin authentication mechanism to act as another user. This issue affects Apache Zeppelin Apache Zeppelin version 0.9.0 and prior versions.
Apache Atlas before 2.1.0 contain a XSS vulnerability. While saving search or rendering elements values are not sanitized correctly and because of that it triggers the XSS vulnerability.
The previous default setting for Airflow's Experimental API was to allow all API requests without authentication, but this poses security risks to users who miss this fact. From Airflow 1.10.11 the default has been changed to deny all requests by default and is documented at https://airflow.apache.org/docs/1.10.11/security.html#api-authentication. Note this change fixes it for new installs but existing users need to change their config to default `[api]auth_backend = airflow.api.auth.backend.deny_all` as mentioned in the Updating Guide: https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/1.10.11/UPDATING.md#experimental-api-will-deny-all-request-by-default
In Apache Ambari versions 2.6.2.2 and earlier, malicious users can construct file names for directory traversal and traverse to other directories to download files.
IDOR vulnerability in the order processing feature from ecommerce component of Apache OFBiz before 17.12.04
Versions of Apache DolphinScheduler prior to 1.3.2 allowed an ordinary user under any tenant to override another users password through the API interface.
**Resolved** Only when using H2/MySQL/TiDB as Apache SkyWalking storage, there is a SQL injection vulnerability in the wildcard query cases.
Apache ActiveMQ uses LocateRegistry.createRegistry() to create the JMX RMI registry and binds the server to the "jmxrmi" entry. It is possible to connect to the registry without authentication and call the rebind method to rebind jmxrmi to something else. If an attacker creates another server to proxy the original, and bound that, he effectively becomes a man in the middle and is able to intercept the credentials when an user connects. Upgrade to Apache ActiveMQ 5.15.12.
Ivanti Avalanche 6.3 allows a SQL injection that is vaguely associated with the Apache HTTP Server, aka Bug 683250.
A regression has been introduced in the commit preventing JMX re-bind. By passing an empty environment map to RMIConnectorServer, instead of the map that contains the authentication credentials, it leaves ActiveMQ open to the following attack: https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/management/agent.html "A remote client could create a javax.management.loading.MLet MBean and use it to create new MBeans from arbitrary URLs, at least if there is no security manager. In other words, a rogue remote client could make your Java application execute arbitrary code." Mitigation: Upgrade to Apache ActiveMQ 5.15.13
Apache Guacamole 1.2.0 and earlier do not consistently restrict access to connection history based on user visibility. If multiple users share access to the same connection, those users may be able to see which other users have accessed that connection, as well as the IP addresses from which that connection was accessed, even if those users do not otherwise have permission to see other users.
A specially crafted sequence of HTTP/2 requests sent to Apache Tomcat 10.0.0-M1 to 10.0.0-M5, 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.35 and 8.5.0 to 8.5.55 could trigger high CPU usage for several seconds. If a sufficient number of such requests were made on concurrent HTTP/2 connections, the server could become unresponsive.
A deserialization vulnerability existed in dubbo 2.7.5 and its earlier versions, which could lead to malicious code execution. Most Dubbo users use Hessian2 as the default serialization/deserialization protool, during Hessian2 deserializing the HashMap object, some functions in the classes stored in HasMap will be executed after a series of program calls, however, those special functions may cause remote command execution. For example, the hashCode() function of the EqualsBean class in rome-1.7.0.jar will cause the remotely load malicious classes and execute malicious code by constructing a malicious request. This issue was fixed in Apache Dubbo 2.6.9 and 2.7.8.
Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.20 to 2.4.43 When trace/debug was enabled for the HTTP/2 module and on certain traffic edge patterns, logging statements were made on the wrong connection, causing concurrent use of memory pools. Configuring the LogLevel of mod_http2 above "info" will mitigate this vulnerability for unpatched servers.
Apache Shiro before 1.5.3, when using Apache Shiro with Spring dynamic controllers, a specially crafted request may cause an authentication bypass.
Apache XmlGraphics Commons 2.4 and earlier is vulnerable to server-side request forgery, caused by improper input validation by the XMPParser. By using a specially-crafted argument, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to cause the underlying server to make arbitrary GET requests. Users should upgrade to 2.6 or later.
Apache Batik 1.13 is vulnerable to server-side request forgery, caused by improper input validation by the NodePickerPanel. By using a specially-crafted argument, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to cause the underlying server to make arbitrary GET requests.
To be able to analyze gradle projects, the build scripts need to be executed. Apache NetBeans follows this pattern. This causes the code of the build script to be invoked at load time of the project. Apache NetBeans up to and including 12.0 did not request consent from the user for the analysis of the project at load time. This in turn will run potentially malicious code, from an external source, without the consent of the user.
IP address spoofing when proxying using mod_remoteip and mod_rewrite For configurations using proxying with mod_remoteip and certain mod_rewrite rules, an attacker could spoof their IP address for logging and PHP scripts. Note this issue was fixed in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.24 but was retrospectively allocated a low severity CVE in 2020.
Apache HTTP server 2.4.32 to 2.4.44 mod_proxy_uwsgi info disclosure and possible RCE
An issue was found in Apache Airflow versions 1.10.10 and below. It was discovered that many of the admin management screens in the new/RBAC UI handled escaping incorrectly, allowing authenticated users with appropriate permissions to create stored XSS attacks.
An issue was found in Apache Airflow versions 1.10.10 and below. When using CeleryExecutor, if an attack can connect to the broker (Redis, RabbitMQ) directly, it was possible to insert a malicious payload directly to the broker which could lead to a deserialization attack (and thus remote code execution) on the Worker.
An issue was found in Apache Airflow versions 1.10.10 and below. When using CeleryExecutor, if an attacker can connect to the broker (Redis, RabbitMQ) directly, it is possible to inject commands, resulting in the celery worker running arbitrary commands.
In Karaf, JMX authentication takes place using JAAS and authorization takes place using ACL files. By default, only an "admin" can actually invoke on an MBean. However there is a vulnerability there for someone who is not an admin, but has a "viewer" role. In the 'etc/jmx.acl.cfg', such as role can call get*. It's possible to authenticate as a viewer role + invokes on the MLet getMBeansFromURL method, which goes off to a remote server to fetch the desired MBean, which is then registered in Karaf. At this point the attack fails as "viewer" doesn't have the permission to invoke on the MBean. Still, it could act as a SSRF style attack and also it essentially allows a "viewer" role to pollute the MBean registry, which is a kind of privilege escalation. The vulnerability is low as it's possible to add a ACL to limit access. Users should update to Apache Karaf 4.2.9 or newer.
As mitigation for CVE-2020-1945 Apache Ant 1.10.8 changed the permissions of temporary files it created so that only the current user was allowed to access them. Unfortunately the fixcrlf task deleted the temporary file and created a new one without said protection, effectively nullifying the effort. This would still allow an attacker to inject modified source files into the build process.
An issue was found in Apache Airflow versions 1.10.10 and below. A remote code/command injection vulnerability was discovered in one of the example DAGs shipped with Airflow which would allow any authenticated user to run arbitrary commands as the user running airflow worker/scheduler (depending on the executor in use). If you already have examples disabled by setting load_examples=False in the config then you are not vulnerable.
In Apache Syncope 2.1.X releases prior to 2.1.7, when the Flowable extension is enabled, an administrator with workflow entitlements can use Shell Service Tasks to perform malicious operations, including but not limited to file read, file write, and code execution.
By crafting a special URL it is possible to make Wicket deliver unprocessed HTML templates. This would allow an attacker to see possibly sensitive information inside a HTML template that is usually removed during rendering. Affected are Apache Wicket versions 7.16.0, 8.8.0 and 9.0.0-M5
Apache Unomi allows conditions to use OGNL scripting which offers the possibility to call static Java classes from the JDK that could execute code with the permission level of the running Java process.
In DolphinScheduler 1.2.0 and 1.2.1, with mysql connectorj a remote code execution vulnerability exists when choosing mysql as database.
Apache Camel Netty enables Java deserialization by default. Apache Camel 2.22.x, 2.23.x, 2.24.x, 2.25.0, 3.0.0 up to 3.1.0 are affected. 2.x users should upgrade to 2.25.1, 3.x users should upgrade to 3.2.0.
Apache Camel RabbitMQ enables Java deserialization by default. Apache Camel 2.22.x, 2.23.x, 2.24.x, 2.25.0, 3.0.0 up to 3.1.0 are affected. 2.x users should upgrade to 2.25.1, 3.x users should upgrade to 3.2.0.
Apache Camel's JMX is vulnerable to Rebind Flaw. Apache Camel 2.22.x, 2.23.x, 2.24.x, 2.25.x, 3.0.0 up to 3.1.0 is affected. Users should upgrade to 3.2.0.
If Apache TomEE is configured to use the embedded ActiveMQ broker, and the broker URI includes the useJMX=true parameter, a JMX port is opened on TCP port 1099, which does not include authentication. This affects Apache TomEE 8.0.0-M1 - 8.0.1, Apache TomEE 7.1.0 - 7.1.2, Apache TomEE 7.0.0-M1 - 7.0.7, Apache TomEE 1.0.0 - 1.7.5.
FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.4 mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing, related to org.apache.commons.proxy.provider.remoting.RmiProvider (aka apache/commons-proxy).
The Apache server on port 80 that host the web interface is vulnerable to a DoS by spamming incomplete HTTP headers, effectively blocking the access to the dashboard.
urllib in Python 2.x through 2.7.16 supports the local_file: scheme, which makes it easier for remote attackers to bypass protection mechanisms that blacklist file: URIs, as demonstrated by triggering a urllib.urlopen('local_file:///etc/passwd') call.
Some HTTP/2 implementations are vulnerable to a settings flood, potentially leading to a denial of service. The attacker sends a stream of SETTINGS frames to the peer. Since the RFC requires that the peer reply with one acknowledgement per SETTINGS frame, an empty SETTINGS frame is almost equivalent in behavior to a ping. Depending on how efficiently this data is queued, this can consume excess CPU, memory, or both.
Some HTTP/2 implementations are vulnerable to a reset flood, potentially leading to a denial of service. The attacker opens a number of streams and sends an invalid request over each stream that should solicit a stream of RST_STREAM frames from the peer. Depending on how the peer queues the RST_STREAM frames, this can consume excess memory, CPU, or both.
Some HTTP/2 implementations are vulnerable to ping floods, potentially leading to a denial of service. The attacker sends continual pings to an HTTP/2 peer, causing the peer to build an internal queue of responses. Depending on how efficiently this data is queued, this can consume excess CPU, memory, or both.
In Bootstrap before 3.4.1 and 4.3.x before 4.3.1, XSS is possible in the tooltip or popover data-template attribute.
The mincore() implementation in mm/mincore.c in the Linux kernel through 4.19.13 allowed local attackers to observe page cache access patterns of other processes on the same system, potentially allowing sniffing of secret information. (Fixing this affects the output of the fincore program.) Limited remote exploitation may be possible, as demonstrated by latency differences in accessing public files from an Apache HTTP Server.
An exploitable denial-of-service vulnerability exists in the X509 certificate parser of Python.org Python 2.7.11 / 3.6.6. A specially crafted X509 certificate can cause a NULL pointer dereference, resulting in a denial of service. An attacker can initiate or accept TLS connections using crafted certificates to trigger this vulnerability.
A vulnerability was found in mod_auth_mellon before v0.14.2. If Apache is configured as a reverse proxy and mod_auth_mellon is configured to only let through authenticated users (with the require valid-user directive), adding special HTTP headers that are normally used to start the special SAML ECP (non-browser based) can be used to bypass authentication.
A stored, DOM based, cross-site scripting (XSS) flaw was found in Prometheus before version 2.7.1. An attacker could exploit this by convincing an authenticated user to visit a crafted URL on a Prometheus server, allowing for the execution and persistent storage of arbitrary scripts.
Vulnerability in the Java SE, Java SE Embedded component of Oracle Java SE (subcomponent: RMI). Supported versions that are affected are Java SE: 7u211, 8u202, 11.0.2 and 12; Java SE Embedded: 8u201. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise Java SE, Java SE Embedded. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized creation, deletion or modification access to critical data or all Java SE, Java SE Embedded accessible data. Note: This vulnerability applies to Java deployments, typically in clients running sandboxed Java Web Start applications or sandboxed Java applets (in Java SE 8), that load and run untrusted code (e.g., code that comes from the internet) and rely on the Java sandbox for security. This vulnerability can also be exploited by using APIs in the specified Component, e.g., through a web service which supplies data to the APIs. CVSS 3.0 Base Score 5.9 (Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:H/A:N).
HttpObjectDecoder.java in Netty before 4.1.44 allows a Content-Length header to be accompanied by a second Content-Length header, or by a Transfer-Encoding header.
HttpObjectDecoder.java in Netty before 4.1.44 allows an HTTP header that lacks a colon, which might be interpreted as a separate header with an incorrect syntax, or might be interpreted as an "invalid fold."
FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.2 lacks certain net.sf.ehcache blocking.
In LemonLDAP::NG (aka lemonldap-ng) before 2.0.7, the default Apache HTTP Server configuration does not properly restrict access to SOAP/REST endpoints (when some LemonLDAP::NG setup options are used). For example, an attacker can insert index.fcgi/index.fcgi into a URL to bypass a Require directive.
There is Authenticated remote code execution in Centreon Infrastructure Monitoring Software through 19.10 via Pollers misconfiguration, leading to system compromise via apache crontab misconfiguration, This allows the apache user to modify an executable file executed by root at 22:30 every day. To exploit the vulnerability, someone must have Admin access to the Centreon Web Interface and create a custom main.php?p=60803&amp;type=3 command. The user must then set the Pollers Post-Restart Command to this previously created command via the main.php?p=60901&amp;o=c&amp;server_id=1 URI. This is triggered via an export of the Poller Configuration.
An issue was discovered in rConfig 3.9.3. The install script updates the /etc/sudoers file for rconfig specific tasks. After an "rConfig specific Apache configuration" update, apache has high privileges for some binaries. This can be exploited by an attacker to bypass local security restrictions.
By default, Apache CXF creates a /services page containing a listing of the available endpoint names and addresses. This webpage is vulnerable to a reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attack, which allows a malicious actor to inject javascript into the web page. Please note that the attack exploits a feature which is not typically not present in modern browsers, who remove dot segments before sending the request. However, Mobile applications may be vulnerable.
In Apache RocketMQ 4.2.0 to 4.6.0, when the automatic topic creation in the broker is turned on by default, an evil topic like &amp;#8220;../../../../topic2020&amp;#8221; is sent from rocketmq-client to the broker, a topic folder will be created in the parent directory in brokers, which leads to a directory traversal vulnerability. Users of the affected versions should apply one of the following: Upgrade to Apache RocketMQ 4.6.1 or later.
Included in Log4j 1.2 is a SocketServer class that is vulnerable to deserialization of untrusted data which can be exploited to remotely execute arbitrary code when combined with a deserialization gadget when listening to untrusted network traffic for log data. This affects Log4j versions up to 1.2 up to 1.2.17.
An untrusted deserialization was found in the org.apache.xmlrpc.parser.XmlRpcResponseParser:addResult method of Apache XML-RPC (aka ws-xmlrpc) library. A malicious XML-RPC server could target a XML-RPC client causing it to execute arbitrary code. Apache XML-RPC is no longer maintained and this issue will not be fixed.
The refactoring present in Apache Tomcat 9.0.28 to 9.0.30, 8.5.48 to 8.5.50 and 7.0.98 to 7.0.99 introduced a regression. The result of the regression was that invalid Transfer-Encoding headers were incorrectly processed leading to a possibility of HTTP Request Smuggling if Tomcat was located behind a reverse proxy that incorrectly handled the invalid Transfer-Encoding header in a particular manner. Such a reverse proxy is considered unlikely.
Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.6 to 2.4.46 mod_proxy_wstunnel configured on an URL that is not necessarily Upgraded by the origin server was tunneling the whole connection regardless, thus allowing for subsequent requests on the same connection to pass through with no HTTP validation, authentication or authorization possibly configured.
Apache Batik is vulnerable to server-side request forgery, caused by improper input validation by the "xlink:href" attributes. By using a specially-crafted argument, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to cause the underlying server to make arbitrary GET requests.
There is a vulnerability in Apache Traffic Server 6.0.0 to 6.2.3, 7.0.0 to 7.1.8, and 8.0.0 to 8.0.5 with a smuggling attack and chunked encoding. Upgrade to versions 7.1.9 and 8.0.6 or later versions.
Unsafe deserialization occurs within a Dubbo application which has HTTP remoting enabled. An attacker may submit a POST request with a Java object in it to completely compromise a Provider instance of Apache Dubbo, if this instance enables HTTP. This issue affected Apache Dubbo 2.7.0 to 2.7.4, 2.6.0 to 2.6.7, and all 2.5.x versions.
When using FORM authentication with Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.29, 8.5.0 to 8.5.49 and 7.0.0 to 7.0.98 there was a narrow window where an attacker could perform a session fixation attack. The window was considered too narrow for an exploit to be practical but, erring on the side of caution, this issue has been treated as a security vulnerability.
A buffer overflow vulnerability has been found in the baremetal component of Apache CloudStack. This applies to all versions prior to 4.13.1. The vulnerability is due to the lack of validation of the mac parameter in baremetal virtual router. If you insert an arbitrary shell command into the mac parameter, v-router will process the command. For example: Normal: http://{GW}:10086/baremetal/provisiondone/{mac}, Abnormal: http://{GW}:10086/baremetal/provisiondone/#';whoami;#. Mitigation of this issue is an upgrade to Apache CloudStack 4.13.1.0 or beyond.
The "Apache NetBeans" autoupdate system does not fully validate code signatures. An attacker could modify the downloaded nbm and include additional code. "Apache NetBeans" versions up to and including 11.2 are affected by this vulnerability.
The "Apache NetBeans" autoupdate system does not validate SSL certificates and hostnames for https based downloads. This allows an attacker to intercept downloads of autoupdates and modify the download, potentially injecting malicious code. &amp;#8220;Apache NetBeans" versions up to and including 11.2 are affected by this vulnerability.
There is a vulnerability in Apache Traffic Server 6.0.0 to 6.2.3, 7.0.0 to 7.1.8, and 8.0.0 to 8.0.5 with a smuggling attack and scheme parsing. Upgrade to versions 7.1.9 and 8.0.6 or later versions.
Apache Solr 5.0.0 to Apache Solr 8.3.1 are vulnerable to a Remote Code Execution through the VelocityResponseWriter. A Velocity template can be provided through Velocity templates in a configset `velocity/` directory or as a parameter. A user defined configset could contain renderable, potentially malicious, templates. Parameter provided templates are disabled by default, but can be enabled by setting `params.resource.loader.enabled` by defining a response writer with that setting set to `true`. Defining a response writer requires configuration API access. Solr 8.4 removed the params resource loader entirely, and only enables the configset-provided template rendering when the configset is `trusted` (has been uploaded by an authenticated user).
It was found that the Apache Syncope EndUser UI login page prio to 2.0.15 and 2.1.6 reflects the successMessage parameters. By this mean, a user accessing the Enduser UI could execute javascript code from URL query string.
Apache Olingo versions 4.0.0 to 4.6.0 provide the AbstractService class, which is public API, uses ObjectInputStream and doesn't check classes being deserialized. If an attacker can feed malicious metadata to the class, then it may result in running attacker's code in the worse case.
The AsyncResponseWrapperImpl class in Apache Olingo versions 4.0.0 to 4.6.0 reads the Retry-After header and passes it to the Thread.sleep() method without any check. If a malicious server returns a huge value in the header, then it can help to implement a DoS attack.
The XML content type entity deserializer in Apache Olingo versions 4.0.0 to 4.6.0 is not configured to deny the resolution of external entities. Request with content type "application/xml", which trigger the deserialization of entities, can be used to trigger XXE attacks.
A Polymorphic Typing issue was discovered in FasterXML jackson-databind 2.0.0 through 2.9.10. When Default Typing is enabled (either globally or for a specific property) for an externally exposed JSON endpoint and the service has the apache-log4j-extra (version 1.2.x) jar in the classpath, and an attacker can provide a JNDI service to access, it is possible to make the service execute a malicious payload.
A Polymorphic Typing issue was discovered in FasterXML jackson-databind before 2.9.10. It is related to net.sf.ehcache.hibernate.EhcacheJtaTransactionManagerLookup.
In Centreon VM through 19.04.3, the cookie configuration within the Apache HTTP Server does not protect against theft because the HTTPOnly flag is not set.
A Polymorphic Typing issue was discovered in FasterXML jackson-databind 2.0.0 through 2.9.10. When Default Typing is enabled (either globally or for a specific property) for an externally exposed JSON endpoint and the service has the p6spy (3.8.6) jar in the classpath, and an attacker can find an RMI service endpoint to access, it is possible to make the service execute a malicious payload. This issue exists because of com.p6spy.engine.spy.P6DataSource mishandling.
A Polymorphic Typing issue was discovered in FasterXML jackson-databind 2.0.0 through 2.9.10. When Default Typing is enabled (either globally or for a specific property) for an externally exposed JSON endpoint and the service has the commons-dbcp (1.4) jar in the classpath, and an attacker can find an RMI service endpoint to access, it is possible to make the service execute a malicious payload. This issue exists because of org.apache.commons.dbcp.datasources.SharedPoolDataSource and org.apache.commons.dbcp.datasources.PerUserPoolDataSource mishandling.
Netty before 4.1.42.Final mishandles whitespace before the colon in HTTP headers (such as a "Transfer-Encoding : chunked" line), which leads to HTTP request smuggling.
A Polymorphic Typing issue was discovered in FasterXML jackson-databind before 2.9.10. It is related to com.zaxxer.hikari.HikariDataSource. This is a different vulnerability than CVE-2019-14540.
An issue was discovered in Python through 2.7.16, 3.x through 3.5.7, 3.6.x through 3.6.9, and 3.7.x through 3.7.4. The email module wrongly parses email addresses that contain multiple @ characters. An application that uses the email module and implements some kind of checks on the From/To headers of a message could be tricked into accepting an email address that should be denied. An attack may be the same as in CVE-2019-11340; however, this CVE applies to Python more generally.
A flaw was discovered in FasterXML jackson-databind in all versions before 2.9.10 and 2.10.0, where it would permit polymorphic deserialization of malicious objects using the xalan JNDI gadget when used in conjunction with polymorphic type handling methods such as `enableDefaultTyping()` or when @JsonTypeInfo is using `Id.CLASS` or `Id.MINIMAL_CLASS` or in any other way which ObjectMapper.readValue might instantiate objects from unsafe sources. An attacker could use this flaw to execute arbitrary code.
A flaw was discovered in jackson-databind in versions before 2.9.10, 2.8.11.5 and 2.6.7.3, where it would permit polymorphic deserialization of a malicious object using commons-configuration 1 and 2 JNDI classes. An attacker could use this flaw to execute arbitrary code.
A Polymorphic Typing issue was discovered in FasterXML jackson-databind before 2.9.10. It is related to com.zaxxer.hikari.HikariConfig.
SubTypeValidator.java in FasterXML jackson-databind before 2.9.9.2 mishandles default typing when ehcache is used (because of net.sf.ehcache.transaction.manager.DefaultTransactionManagerLookup), leading to remote code execution.
In Directus 7 API through 2.3.0, uploading of PHP files is blocked only when the Apache HTTP Server is used, leading to uploads/_/originals remote code execution with nginx.
An issue was discovered in OpenLDAP 2.x before 2.4.48. When using SASL authentication and session encryption, and relying on the SASL security layers in slapd access controls, it is possible to obtain access that would otherwise be denied via a simple bind for any identity covered in those ACLs. After the first SASL bind is completed, the sasl_ssf value is retained for all new non-SASL connections. Depending on the ACL configuration, this can affect different types of operations (searches, modifications, etc.). In other words, a successful authorization step completed by one user affects the authorization requirement for a different user.
/usr/sbin/default.sh and /usr/apache/htdocs/cgi-bin/admin/hardfactorydefault.cgi on Dynacolor FCM-MB40 v1.2.0.0 devices implement an incomplete factory-reset process. A backdoor can persist because neither system accounts nor the set of services is reset.
The MuleSoft Mule Community Edition runtime engine before 3.8 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code because of Java Deserialization, related to Apache Commons Collections
Artica Pandora FMS 7.0 NG before 735 suffers from local privilege escalation due to improper permissions on C:\PandoraFMS and its sub-folders, allowing standard users to create new files. Moreover, the Apache service httpd.exe will try to execute cmd.exe from C:\PandoraFMS (the current directory) as NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM upon web requests to the portal. This will effectively allow non-privileged users to escalate privileges to NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM.
The Roundcube component of Analogic Poste.io 2.1.6 uses .htaccess to protect the logs/ folder, which is effective with the Apache HTTP Server but is ineffective with nginx. Attackers can read logs via the webmail/logs/sendmail URI.
an unauthenticated user could get access to information of some backend screens by invoking setSessionLocale in Apache OFBiz 16.11.01 to 16.11.06
Apache OFBiz 17.12.01 is vulnerable to Host header injection by accepting arbitrary host
Apache CXF ships with a OpenId Connect JWK Keys service, which allows a client to obtain the public keys in JWK format, which can then be used to verify the signature of tokens issued by the service. Typically, the service obtains the public key from a local keystore (JKS/PKCS12) by specifing the path of the keystore and the alias of the keystore entry. This case is not vulnerable. However it is also possible to obtain the keys from a JWK keystore file, by setting the configuration parameter "rs.security.keystore.type" to "jwk". For this case all keys are returned in this file "as is", including all private key and secret key credentials. This is an obvious security risk if the user has configured the signature keystore file with private or secret key credentials. From CXF 3.3.5 and 3.2.12, it is mandatory to specify an alias corresponding to the id of the key in the JWK file, and only this key is returned. In addition, any private key information is omitted by default. "oct" keys, which contain secret keys, are not returned at all.
Apache Shiro before 1.4.2, when using the default "remember me" configuration, cookies could be susceptible to a padding attack.
In Apache SpamAssassin before 3.4.3, a message can be crafted in a way to use excessive resources. Upgrading to SA 3.4.3 as soon as possible is the recommended fix but details will not be shared publicly.
Apache CXF before 3.3.4 and 3.2.11 provides all of the components that are required to build a fully fledged OpenId Connect service. There is a vulnerability in the access token services, where it does not validate that the authenticated principal is equal to that of the supplied clientId parameter in the request. If a malicious client was able to somehow steal an authorization code issued to another client, then they could exploit this vulnerability to obtain an access token for the other client.
When Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.28, 8.5.0 to 8.5.47, 7.0.0 and 7.0.97 is configured with the JMX Remote Lifecycle Listener, a local attacker without access to the Tomcat process or configuration files is able to manipulate the RMI registry to perform a man-in-the-middle attack to capture user names and passwords used to access the JMX interface. The attacker can then use these credentials to access the JMX interface and gain complete control over the Tomcat instance.
A malicious admin user could edit the state of objects in the Airflow metadata database to execute arbitrary javascript on certain page views. This also presented a Local File Disclosure vulnerability to any file readable by the webserver process.
In Apache POI up to 4.1.0, when using the tool XSSFExportToXml to convert user-provided Microsoft Excel documents, a specially crafted document can allow an attacker to read files from the local filesystem or from internal network resources via XML External Entity (XXE) Processing.
In Apache Incubator Superset before 0.32, a user can view database names that he has no access to on a dropdown list in SQLLab
In Apache Incubator Superset before 0.31 user could query database metadata information from a database he has no access to, by using a specially crafted complex query.
While investigating UBSAN errors in https://github.com/apache/arrow/pull/5365 it was discovered Apache Arrow versions 0.12.0 to 0.14.1, left memory Array data uninitialized when reading RLE null data from parquet. This affected the C++, Python, Ruby and R implementations. The uninitialized memory could potentially be shared if are transmitted over the wire (for instance with Flight) or persisted in the streaming IPC and file formats.
The 8.1.1 and 8.2.0 releases of Apache Solr contain an insecure setting for the ENABLE_REMOTE_JMX_OPTS configuration option in the default solr.in.sh configuration file shipping with Solr. If you use the default solr.in.sh file from the affected releases, then JMX monitoring will be enabled and exposed on RMI_PORT (default=18983), without any authentication. If this port is opened for inbound traffic in your firewall, then anyone with network access to your Solr nodes will be able to access JMX, which may in turn allow them to upload malicious code for execution on the Solr server.
It was discovered that the C++ implementation (which underlies the R, Python and Ruby implementations) of Apache Arrow 0.14.0 to 0.14.1 had a uninitialized memory bug when building arrays with null values in some cases. This can lead to uninitialized memory being unintentionally shared if Arrow Arrays are transmitted over the wire (for instance with Flight) or persisted in the streaming IPC and file formats.
On Apache JSPWiki, up to version 2.11.0.M4, a carefully crafted plugin link invocation could trigger an XSS vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki, related to the remember parameter on some of the JSPs, which could allow the attacker to execute javascript in the victim's browser and get some sensitive information about the victim.
Apache CXF before 3.3.4 and 3.2.11 does not restrict the number of message attachments present in a given message. This leaves open the possibility of a denial of service type attack, where a malicious user crafts a message containing a very large number of message attachments. From the 3.3.4 and 3.2.11 releases, a default limit of 50 message attachments is enforced. This is configurable via the message property "attachment-max-count".
Improper authentication is possible in Apache Traffic Control versions 3.0.0 and 3.0.1 if LDAP is enabled for login in the Traffic Ops API component. Given a username for a user that can be authenticated via LDAP, it is possible to improperly authenticate as that user without that user's correct password.
On Apache JSPWiki, up to version 2.11.0.M4, a carefully crafted plugin link invocation could trigger an XSS vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki, related to InfoContent.jsp, which could allow the attacker to execute javascript in the victim's browser and get some sensitive information about the victim.
The file name encoding algorithm used internally in Apache Commons Compress 1.15 to 1.18 can get into an infinite loop when faced with specially crafted inputs. This can lead to a denial of service attack if an attacker can choose the file names inside of an archive created by Compress.
Solr versions 1.3.0 to 1.4.1, 3.1.0 to 3.6.2 and 4.0.0 to 4.10.4 are vulnerable to an XML resource consumption attack (a.k.a. Lol Bomb) via it&amp;#8217;s update handler.?By leveraging XML DOCTYPE and ENTITY type elements, the attacker can create a pattern that will expand when the server parses the XML causing OOMs.
In version 2.0.3 Apache Santuario XML Security for Java, a caching mechanism was introduced to speed up creating new XML documents using a static pool of DocumentBuilders. However, if some untrusted code can register a malicious implementation with the thread context class loader first, then this implementation might be cached and re-used by Apache Santuario - XML Security for Java, leading to potential security flaws when validating signed documents, etc. The vulnerability affects Apache Santuario - XML Security for Java 2.0.x releases from 2.0.3 and all 2.1.x releases before 2.1.4.
When Connect workers in Apache Kafka 2.0.0, 2.0.1, 2.1.0, 2.1.1, 2.2.0, 2.2.1, or 2.3.0 are configured with one or more config providers, and a connector is created/updated on that Connect cluster to use an externalized secret variable in a substring of a connector configuration property value, then any client can issue a request to the same Connect cluster to obtain the connector's task configuration and the response will contain the plaintext secret rather than the externalized secrets variables.
In Apache Airflow before 1.10.5 when running with the "classic" UI, a malicious admin user could edit the state of objects in the Airflow metadata database to execute arbitrary javascript on certain page views. The new "RBAC" UI is unaffected.
Policy import functionality in Apache Ranger 0.7.0 to 1.2.0 is vulnerable to a cross-site scripting issue. Upgrade to 2.0.0 or later version of Apache Ranger with the fix.
A security vulnerability in HPE IceWall SSO Agent Option and IceWall MFA (Agent module ) could be exploited remotely to cause a denial of service. The versions and platforms of Agent Option modules that are impacted are as follows: 10.0 for Apache 2.2 on RHEL 5 and 6, 10.0 for Apache 2.4 on RHEL 7, 10.0 for Apache 2.4 on HP-UX 11i v3, 10.0 for IIS on Windows, 11.0 for Apache 2.4 on RHEL 7, MFA Proxy 4.0 (Agent module only) for Apache 2.4 on RHEL 7.
** DISPUTED ** The WEBrick gem 1.4.2 for Ruby allows directory traversal if the attacker once had local access to create a symlink to a location outside of the web root directory. NOTE: The vendor states that this is analogous to Options FollowSymlinks in the Apache HTTP Server, and therefore it is "not a problem."
An issue was discovered in GetSimple CMS through 3.3.15. insufficient input sanitation in the theme-edit.php file allows upload of files with arbitrary content (PHP code, for example). This vulnerability is triggered by an authenticated user; however, authentication can be bypassed. According to the official documentation for installation step 10, an admin is required to upload all the files, including the .htaccess files, and run a health check. However, what is overlooked is that the Apache HTTP Server by default no longer enables the AllowOverride directive, leading to data/users/admin.xml password exposure. The passwords are hashed but this can be bypassed by starting with the data/other/authorization.xml API key. This allows one to target the session state, since they decided to roll their own implementation. The cookie_name is crafted information that can be leaked from the frontend (site name and version). If a someone leaks the API key and the admin username, then they can bypass authentication. To do so, they need to supply a cookie based on an SHA-1 computation of this known information. The vulnerability exists in the admin/theme-edit.php file. This file checks for forms submissions via POST requests, and for the csrf nonce. If the nonce sent is correct, then the file provided by the user is uploaded. There is a path traversal allowing write access outside the jailed themes directory root. Exploiting the traversal is not necessary because the .htaccess file is ignored. A contributing factor is that there isn't another check on the extension before saving the file, with the assumption that the parameter content is safe. This allows the creation of web accessible and executable files with arbitrary content.
The SAML identifier generated within SAML2Utils.java was found to make use of the apache commons-lang3 RandomStringUtils class which makes them predictable due to RandomStringUtils PRNG's algorithm not being cryptographically strong. This issue only affects the 3.X release of pac4j-saml.
Multiple classes used within Apereo CAS before release 6.1.0-RC5 makes use of apache commons-lang3 RandomStringUtils for token and ID generation which makes them predictable due to RandomStringUtils PRNG's algorithm not being cryptographically strong.
A security regression of CVE-2019-9636 was discovered in python since commit d537ab0ff9767ef024f26246899728f0116b1ec3 affecting versions 2.7, 3.5, 3.6, 3.7 and from v3.8.0a4 through v3.8.0b1, which still allows an attacker to exploit CVE-2019-9636 by abusing the user and password parts of a URL. When an application parses user-supplied URLs to store cookies, authentication credentials, or other kind of information, it is possible for an attacker to provide specially crafted URLs to make the application locate host-related information (e.g. cookies, authentication data) and send them to a different host than where it should, unlike if the URLs had been correctly parsed. The result of an attack may vary based on the application.
OSS Http Request (Apache Cordova Plugin) 6 is affected by: Missing SSL certificate validation. The impact is: certificate spoofing. The component is: use this library when https communication. The attack vector is: certificate spoofing.
In Apache HTTP server 2.4.0 to 2.4.39, Redirects configured with mod_rewrite that were intended to be self-referential might be fooled by encoded newlines and redirect instead to an unexpected URL within the request URL.
In Apache HTTP Server 2.4.32-2.4.39, when mod_remoteip was configured to use a trusted intermediary proxy server using the "PROXY" protocol, a specially crafted PROXY header could trigger a stack buffer overflow or NULL pointer deference. This vulnerability could only be triggered by a trusted proxy and not by untrusted HTTP clients.
bash command injection vulnerability in Apache Zeppelin allows an attacker to inject system commands into Spark interpreter settings. This issue affects Apache Zeppelin Apache Zeppelin version 0.9.0 and prior versions.
A carefully crafted package/compressed file that, when unzipped/uncompressed yields the same file (a quine), causes a StackOverflowError in Apache Tika's RecursiveParserWrapper in versions 1.7-1.21. Apache Tika users should upgrade to 1.22 or later.
In Apache Tika 1.19 to 1.21, a carefully crafted 2003ml or 2006ml file could consume all available SAXParsers in the pool and lead to very long hangs. Apache Tika users should upgrade to 1.22 or later.
In Apache HTTP Server 2.4.0-2.4.39, a limited cross-site scripting issue was reported affecting the mod_proxy error page. An attacker could cause the link on the error page to be malformed and instead point to a page of their choice. This would only be exploitable where a server was set up with proxying enabled but was misconfigured in such a way that the Proxy Error page was displayed.
When TLS is enabled with ssl-endpoint-identification-enabled set to true, Apache Geode fails to perform hostname verification of the entries in the certificate SAN during the SSL handshake. This could compromise intra-cluster communication using a man-in-the-middle attack.
On Apache JSPWiki, up to version 2.11.0.M4, a carefully crafted plugin link invocation could trigger an XSS vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki, related to the plain editor, which could allow the attacker to execute javascript in the victim's browser and get some sensitive information about the victim.
On Apache JSPWiki, up to version 2.11.0.M4, a carefully crafted plugin link invocation could trigger an XSS vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki, related to the WYSIWYG editor, which could allow the attacker to execute javascript in the victim's browser and get some sensitive information about the victim.
A carefully crafted or corrupt zip file can cause an OOM in Apache Tika's RecursiveParserWrapper in versions 1.7-1.21. Users should upgrade to 1.22 or later.
On Apache JSPWiki, up to version 2.11.0.M4, a carefully crafted plugin link invocation could trigger an XSS vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki, related to the Page Revision History, which could allow the attacker to execute javascript in the victim's browser and get some sensitive information about the victim.
In Apache Commons Beanutils 1.9.2, a special BeanIntrospector class was added which allows suppressing the ability for an attacker to access the classloader via the class property available on all Java objects. We, however were not using this by default characteristic of the PropertyUtilsBean.
In Apache Allura prior to 1.11.0, a vulnerability exists for stored XSS on the user dropdown selector when creating or editing tickets. The XSS executes when a user engages with that dropdown on that page.
In Apache Impala 2.7.0 to 3.2.0, an authenticated user with access to the IDs of active Impala queries or sessions can interact with those sessions or queries via a specially-constructed request and thereby potentially bypass authorization and audit mechanisms. Session and query IDs are unique and random, but have not been documented or consistently treated as sensitive secrets. Therefore they may be exposed in logs or interfaces. They were also not generated with a cryptographically secure random number generator, so are vulnerable to random number generator attacks that predict future IDs based on past IDs. Impala deployments with Apache Sentry or Apache Ranger authorization enabled may be vulnerable to privilege escalation if an authenticated attacker is able to hijack a session or query from another authenticated user with privileges not assigned to the attacker. Impala deployments with audit logging enabled may be vulnerable to incorrect audit logging as a user could undertake actions that were logged under the name of a different authenticated user. Constructing an attack requires a high degree of technical sophistication and access to the Impala system as an authenticated user.
In Apache HTTP Server 2.4.18-2.4.39, using fuzzed network input, the http/2 session handling could be made to read memory after being freed, during connection shutdown.
The XMLFileLookupService in NiFi versions 1.3.0 to 1.9.2 allowed trusted users to inadvertently configure a potentially malicious XML file. The XML file has the ability to make external calls to services (via XXE) and reveal information such as the versions of Java, Jersey, and Apache that the NiFI instance uses.
Apache Traffic Server is vulnerable to HTTP/2 setting flood attacks. Earlier versions of Apache Traffic Server didn't limit the number of setting frames sent from the client using the HTTP/2 protocol. Users should upgrade to Apache Traffic Server 7.1.7, 8.0.4, or later versions.
A carefully crafted plugin link invocation could trigger an XSS vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki 2.9.0 to 2.11.0.M3, which could lead to session hijacking. Initial reporting indicated ReferredPagesPlugin, but further analysis showed that multiple plugins were vulnerable.
A carefully crafted InterWiki link could trigger an XSS vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki 2.9.0 to 2.11.0.M3, which could lead to session hijacking.
A carefully crafted malicious attachment could trigger an XSS vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki 2.9.0 to 2.11.0.M3, which could lead to session hijacking.
An RCE is possible by entering Freemarker markup in an Apache OFBiz Form Widget textarea field when encoding has been disabled on such a field. This was the case for the Customer Request "story" input in the Order Manager application. Encoding should not be disabled without good reason and never within a field that accepts user input. Mitigation: Upgrade to 16.11.06 or manually apply the following commit on branch 16.11: r1858533
The "Blog", "Forum", "Contact Us" screens of the template "ecommerce" application bundled in Apache OFBiz are weak to Stored XSS attacks. Mitigation: Upgrade to 16.11.06 or manually apply the following commits on branch 16.11: 1858438, 1858543, 1860595 and 1860616
The fix for CVE-2019-0199 was incomplete and did not address HTTP/2 connection window exhaustion on write in Apache Tomcat versions 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.19 and 8.5.0 to 8.5.40 . By not sending WINDOW_UPDATE messages for the connection window (stream 0) clients were able to cause server-side threads to block eventually leading to thread exhaustion and a DoS.
The code which checks HMAC in form submissions used String.equals() for comparisons, which results in a timing side channel for the comparison of the HMAC signatures. This could lead to remote code execution if an attacker is able to determine the correct signature for their payload. The comparison should be done with a constant time algorithm instead.
Apache Atlas versions 0.8.3 and 1.1.0 were found vulnerable to Stored Cross-Site Scripting in the search functionality
Apache OFBiz 17.12.01 is vulnerable to some CSRF attacks.
A Reflected Cross-site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability exists in Apache Roller. Roller's Math Comment Authenticator did not property sanitize user input and could be exploited to perform Reflected Cross Site Scripting (XSS). The mitigation for this vulnerability is to upgrade to the latest version of Roller, which is now Roller 5.2.3.
An access permission override in Apache Struts 2.0.0 to 2.5.20 may cause a Denial of Service when performing a file upload.
When running on Windows with enableCmdLineArguments enabled, the CGI Servlet in Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.17, 8.5.0 to 8.5.39 and 7.0.0 to 7.0.93 is vulnerable to Remote Code Execution due to a bug in the way the JRE passes command line arguments to Windows. The CGI Servlet is disabled by default. The CGI option enableCmdLineArguments is disable by default in Tomcat 9.0.x (and will be disabled by default in all versions in response to this vulnerability). For a detailed explanation of the JRE behaviour, see Markus Wulftange's blog (https://codewhitesec.blogspot.com/2016/02/java-and-command-line-injections-in-windows.html) and this archived MSDN blog (https://web.archive.org/web/20161228144344/https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/twistylittlepassagesallalike/2011/04/23/everyone-quotes-command-line-arguments-the-wrong-way/).
Handling of the close_notify SSL/TLS message does not lead to a connection closure, leading the server to retain the socket opened and to have the client potentially receive clear text messages afterward. Mitigation: 2.0.20 users should migrate to 2.0.21, 2.1.0 users should migrate to 2.1.1. This issue affects: Apache MINA.
Apache Struts 2.0.0 to 2.5.20 forced double OGNL evaluation, when evaluated on raw user input in tag attributes, may lead to remote code execution.
A number of HTTP endpoints in the Airflow webserver (both RBAC and classic) did not have adequate protection and were vulnerable to cross-site request forgery attacks.
Apache PDFBox 2.0.14 does not properly initialize the XML parser, which allows context-dependent attackers to conduct XML External Entity (XXE) attacks via a crafted XFDF.
A Server Side Request Forgery (SSRF) vulnerability affected the Apache Axis 1.4 distribution that was last released in 2006. Security and bug commits commits continue in the projects Axis 1.x Subversion repository, legacy users are encouraged to build from source. The successor to Axis 1.x is Axis2, the latest version is 1.7.9 and is not vulnerable to this issue.
Apache Karaf Config service provides a install method (via service or MBean) that could be used to travel in any directory and overwrite existing file. The vulnerability is low if the Karaf process user has limited permission on the filesystem. Any Apache Karaf version before 4.2.5 is impacted. User should upgrade to Apache Karaf 4.2.5 or later.
A specially crafted url could be used to access files under the ROOT directory of the application on Apache JSPWiki 2.9.0 to 2.11.0.M2, which could be used by an attacker to obtain registered users' details.
In Apache JSPWiki 2.9.0 to 2.11.0.M2, a carefully crafted URL could execute javascript on another user's session. No information could be saved on the server or jspwiki database, nor would an attacker be able to execute js on someone else's browser; only on its own browser.
While investigating bug PROTON-2014, we discovered that under some circumstances Apache Qpid Proton versions 0.9 to 0.27.0 (C library and its language bindings) can connect to a peer anonymously using TLS *even when configured to verify the peer certificate* while used with OpenSSL versions before 1.1.0. This means that an undetected man in the middle attack could be constructed if an attacker can arrange to intercept TLS traffic.
In Apache ActiveMQ 5.0.0 - 5.15.8, unmarshalling corrupt MQTT frame can lead to broker Out of Memory exception making it unresponsive.
The SSI printenv command in Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.17, 8.5.0 to 8.5.39 and 7.0.0 to 7.0.93 echoes user provided data without escaping and is, therefore, vulnerable to XSS. SSI is disabled by default. The printenv command is intended for debugging and is unlikely to be present in a production website.
A vulnerability was found in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.0 to 2.4.38. When the path component of a request URL contains multiple consecutive slashes ('/'), directives such as LocationMatch and RewriteRule must account for duplicates in regular expressions while other aspects of the servers processing will implicitly collapse them.
A website running in the InAppBrowser webview on Android could execute arbitrary JavaScript in the main application's webview using a specially crafted gap-iab: URI.
A vulnerability was discovered wherein a specially crafted URL could enable reflected XSS via JavaScript in the pony mail interface.
In Apache HTTP Server 2.4 release 2.4.38 and prior, a race condition in mod_auth_digest when running in a threaded server could allow a user with valid credentials to authenticate using another username, bypassing configured access control restrictions.
A malicious admin user could edit the state of objects in the Airflow metadata database to execute arbitrary javascript on certain page views.
In Apache HTTP Server 2.4 releases 2.4.37 and 2.4.38, a bug in mod_ssl when using per-location client certificate verification with TLSv1.3 allowed a client to bypass configured access control restrictions.
In Apache Archiva 2.0.0 - 2.2.3, it is possible to write files to the archiva server at arbitrary locations by using the artifact upload mechanism. Existing files can be overwritten, if the archiva run user has appropriate permission on the filesystem for the target file.
In Apache Archiva before 2.2.4, it may be possible to store malicious XSS code into central configuration entries, i.e. the logo URL. The vulnerability is considered as minor risk, as only users with admin role can change the configuration, or the communication between the browser and the Archiva server must be compromised.
In all previously released Apache HBase 2.x versions (2.0.0-2.0.4, 2.1.0-2.1.3), authorization was incorrectly applied to users of the HBase REST server. Requests sent to the HBase REST server were executed with the permissions of the REST server itself, not with the permissions of the end-user. This issue is only relevant when HBase is configured with Kerberos authentication, HBase authorization is enabled, and the REST server is configured with SPNEGO authentication. This issue does not extend beyond the HBase REST server.
In Apache HTTP Server 2.4 releases 2.4.17 to 2.4.38, with MPM event, worker or prefork, code executing in less-privileged child processes or threads (including scripts executed by an in-process scripting interpreter) could execute arbitrary code with the privileges of the parent process (usually root) by manipulating the scoreboard. Non-Unix systems are not affected.
In Apache Thrift 0.9.3 to 0.12.0, a server implemented in Go using TJSONProtocol or TSimpleJSONProtocol may panic when feed with invalid input data.
Tapestry processes assets `/assets/ctx` using classes chain `StaticFilesFilter -&gt; AssetDispatcher -&gt; ContextResource`, which doesn't filter the character `\`, so attacker can perform a path traversal attack to read any files on Windows platform.
In Apache Thrift all versions up to and including 0.12.0, a server or client may run into an endless loop when feed with specific input data. Because the issue had already been partially fixed in version 0.11.0, depending on the installed version it affects only certain language bindings.
A specifically crafted Docker image running under the root user can overwrite the init helper binary of the container runtime and/or the command executor in Apache Mesos versions pre-1.4.x, 1.4.0 to 1.4.2, 1.5.0 to 1.5.2, 1.6.0 to 1.6.1, and 1.7.0 to 1.7.1. A malicious actor can therefore gain root-level code execution on the host.
In Apache Subversion versions up to and including 1.9.10, 1.10.4, 1.12.0, Subversion's svnserve server process may exit when a client sends certain sequences of protocol commands. This can lead to disruption for users of the server.
The Apache Storm Logviewer daemon exposes HTTP-accessible endpoints to read/search log files on hosts running Storm. In Apache Storm versions 0.9.1-incubating to 1.2.2, it is possible to read files off the host's file system that were not intended to be accessible via these endpoints.
An issue is present in Apache ZooKeeper 1.0.0 to 3.4.13 and 3.5.0-alpha to 3.5.4-beta. ZooKeeper&amp;#8217;s getACL() command doesn&amp;#8217;t check any permission when retrieves the ACLs of the requested node and returns all information contained in the ACL Id field as plaintext string. DigestAuthenticationProvider overloads the Id field with the hash value that is used for user authentication. As a consequence, if Digest Authentication is in use, the unsalted hash value will be disclosed by getACL() request for unauthenticated or unprivileged users.
A Denial of Service vulnerability was found in Apache Qpid Broker-J versions 6.0.0-7.0.6 (inclusive) and 7.1.0 which allows an unauthenticated attacker to crash the broker instance by sending specially crafted commands using AMQP protocol versions below 1.0 (AMQP 0-8, 0-9, 0-91 and 0-10). Users of Apache Qpid Broker-J versions 6.0.0-7.0.6 (inclusive) and 7.1.0 utilizing AMQP protocols 0-8, 0-9, 0-91, 0-10 must upgrade to Qpid Broker-J versions 7.0.7 or 7.1.1 or later.
The HTTP/2 implementation in Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.14 and 8.5.0 to 8.5.37 accepted streams with excessive numbers of SETTINGS frames and also permitted clients to keep streams open without reading/writing request/response data. By keeping streams open for requests that utilised the Servlet API's blocking I/O, clients were able to cause server-side threads to block eventually leading to thread exhaustion and a DoS.
A vulnerability was found in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.34 to 2.4.38. When HTTP/2 was enabled for a http: host or H2Upgrade was enabled for h2 on a https: host, an Upgrade request from http/1.1 to http/2 that was not the first request on a connection could lead to a misconfiguration and crash. Server that never enabled the h2 protocol or that only enabled it for https: and did not set "H2Upgrade on" are unaffected by this issue.
A vulnerability was found in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.17 to 2.4.38. Using fuzzed network input, the http/2 request handling could be made to access freed memory in string comparison when determining the method of a request and thus process the request incorrectly.
Manipulating classpath asset file URLs, an attacker could guess the path to a known file in the classpath and have it downloaded. If the attacker found the file with the value of the tapestry.hmac-passphrase configuration symbol, most probably the webapp's AppModule class, the value of this symbol could be used to craft a Java deserialization attack, thus running malicious injected Java code. The vector would be the t:formdata parameter from the Form component.
Apache Camel's File is vulnerable to directory traversal. Camel 2.21.0 to 2.21.3, 2.22.0 to 2.22.2, 2.23.0 and the unsupported Camel 2.x (2.19 and earlier) versions may be also affected.
In Apache Solr, the DataImportHandler, an optional but popular module to pull in data from databases and other sources, has a feature in which the whole DIH configuration can come from a request's "dataConfig" parameter. The debug mode of the DIH admin screen uses this to allow convenient debugging / development of a DIH config. Since a DIH config can contain scripts, this parameter is a security risk. Starting with version 8.2.0 of Solr, use of this parameter requires setting the Java System property "enable.dih.dataConfigParam" to true.
In Apache Solr versions 5.0.0 to 5.5.5 and 6.0.0 to 6.6.5, the Config API allows to configure the JMX server via an HTTP POST request. By pointing it to a malicious RMI server, an attacker could take advantage of Solr's unsafe deserialization to trigger remote code execution on the Solr side.
Apache Karaf kar deployer reads .kar archives and extracts the paths from the "repository/" and "resources/" entries in the zip file. It then writes out the content of these paths to the Karaf repo and resources directories. However, it doesn't do any validation on the paths in the zip file. This means that a malicious user could craft a .kar file with ".." directory names and break out of the directories to write arbitrary content to the filesystem. This is the "Zip-slip" vulnerability - https://snyk.io/research/zip-slip-vulnerability. This vulnerability is low if the Karaf process user has limited permission on the filesystem. Any Apache Karaf releases prior 4.2.3 is impacted.
A bug exists in the way mod_ssl handled client renegotiations. A remote attacker could send a carefully crafted request that would cause mod_ssl to enter a loop leading to a denial of service. This bug can be only triggered with Apache HTTP Server version 2.4.37 when using OpenSSL version 1.1.1 or later, due to an interaction in changes to handling of renegotiation attempts.
The java.io.ObjectInputStream is known to cause Java serialisation issues. This issue here is exposed by the "webtools/control/httpService" URL, and uses Java deserialization to perform code execution. In the HttpEngine, the value of the request parameter "serviceContext" is passed to the "deserialize" method of "XmlSerializer". Apache Ofbiz is affected via two different dependencies: "commons-beanutils" and an out-dated version of "commons-fileupload" Mitigation: Upgrade to 16.11.06 or manually apply the commits from OFBIZ-10770 and OFBIZ-10837 on branch 16
Apache Camel prior to 2.24.0 contains an XML external entity injection (XXE) vulnerability (CWE-611) due to using an outdated vulnerable JSON-lib library. This affects only the camel-xmljson component, which was removed.
Unauthenticated RCE is possible when JMeter is used in distributed mode (-r or -R command line options). Attacker can establish a RMI connection to a jmeter-server using RemoteJMeterEngine and proceed with an attack using untrusted data deserialization. This only affect tests running in Distributed mode. Note that versions before 4.0 are not able to encrypt traffic between the nodes, nor authenticate the participating nodes so upgrade to JMeter 5.1 is also advised.
The input fields of the Apache Pluto "Chat Room" demo portlet 3.0.0 and 3.0.1 are vulnerable to Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attacks. Mitigation: * Uninstall the ChatRoomDemo war file - or - * migrate to version 3.1.0 of the chat-room-demo war file
** DISPUTED ** An issue was discovered on AXIS M1033-W (IP camera) Firmware version 5.40.5.1 devices. The upload web page doesn't verify the file type, and an attacker can upload a webshell by making a fileUpload.shtml request for a custom .shtml file, which is interpreted by the Apache HTTP Server mod_include module with "&lt;!--#exec cmd=" support. The file needs to include a specific string to meet the internal system architecture. After the webshell upload, an attacker can use the webshell to perform remote code execution such as running a system command (ls, ping, cat /etc/passwd, etc.). NOTE: the vendor reportedly indicates that this is an intended feature or functionality.
** DISPUTED ** An issue was discovered on AXIS P1354 (IP camera) Firmware version 5.90.1.1 devices. The upload web page doesn't verify the file type, and an attacker can upload a webshell by making a fileUpload.shtml request for a custom .shtml file, which is interpreted by the Apache HTTP Server mod_include module with "&lt;!--#exec cmd=" support. The file needs to include a specific string to meet the internal system architecture. After the webshell upload, an attacker can use the webshell to perform remote code execution such as running a system command (ls, ping, cat /etc/passwd, etc.). NOTE: the vendor reportedly indicates that this is an intended feature or functionality.
CA Workload Control Center before r11.4 SP6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted HTTP request.
org.slf4j.ext.EventData in the slf4j-ext module in QOS.CH SLF4J before 1.8.0-beta2 allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via crafted data. EventData in the slf4j-ext module in QOS.CH SLF4J, has been fixed in SLF4J versions 1.7.26 later and in the 2.0.x series.
Apache Ambari, version 2.5.0 to 2.6.2, passwords for Hadoop credential stores are exposed in Ambari Agent informational log messages when the credential store feature is enabled for eligible services. For example, Hive and Oozie.
Apache Camel's Mail 2.20.0 through 2.20.3, 2.21.0 through 2.21.1 and 2.22.0 is vulnerable to path traversal.
Pages that are rendered using the ESI plugin can have access to the cookie header when the plugin is configured not to allow access. This affects Apache Traffic Server (ATS) versions 6.0.0 to 6.2.2 and 7.0.0 to 7.1.3. To resolve this issue users running 6.x should upgrade to 6.2.3 or later versions and 7.x users should upgrade to 7.1.4 or later versions.
It is possible to configure Apache CXF to use the com.sun.net.ssl implementation via 'System.setProperty("java.protocol.handler.pkgs", "com.sun.net.ssl.internal.www.protocol");'. When this system property is set, CXF uses some reflection to try to make the HostnameVerifier work with the old com.sun.net.ssl.HostnameVerifier interface. However, the default HostnameVerifier implementation in CXF does not implement the method in this interface, and an exception is thrown. However, in Apache CXF prior to 3.2.5 and 3.1.16 the exception is caught in the reflection code and not properly propagated. What this means is that if you are using the com.sun.net.ssl stack with CXF, an error with TLS hostname verification will not be thrown, leaving a CXF client subject to man-in-the-middle attacks.
Versions of Apache CXF Fediz prior to 1.4.4 do not fully disable Document Type Declarations (DTDs) when either parsing the Identity Provider response in the application plugins, or in the Identity Provider itself when parsing certain XML-based parameters.
If an async request was completed by the application at the same time as the container triggered the async timeout, a race condition existed that could result in a user seeing a response intended for a different user. An additional issue was present in the NIO and NIO2 connectors that did not correctly track the closure of the connection when an async request was completed by the application and timed out by the container at the same time. This could also result in a user seeing a response intended for another user. Versions Affected: Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M9 to 9.0.9 and 8.5.5 to 8.5.31.
In Apache PDFBox 1.8.0 to 1.8.14 and 2.0.0RC1 to 2.0.10, a carefully crafted (or fuzzed) file can trigger an infinite loop which leads to an out of memory exception in Apache PDFBox's AFMParser.
This vulnerability relates to the user's browser processing of DUCC webpage input data.The javascript comprising Apache UIMA DUCC (&lt;= 2.2.2) which runs in the user's browser does not sufficiently filter user supplied inputs, which may result in unintended execution of user supplied javascript code.
The host name verification when using TLS with the WebSocket client was missing. It is now enabled by default. Versions Affected: Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.9, 8.5.0 to 8.5.31, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.52, and 7.0.35 to 7.0.88.
In Apache OFBiz 16.11.01 to 16.11.04, the OFBiz HTTP engine (org.apache.ofbiz.service.engine.HttpEngine.java) handles requests for HTTP services via the /webtools/control/httpService endpoint. Both POST and GET requests to the httpService endpoint may contain three parameters: serviceName, serviceMode, and serviceContext. The exploitation occurs by having DOCTYPEs pointing to external references that trigger a payload that returns secret information from the host.
Apache Axis 1.x up to and including 1.4 is vulnerable to a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack in the default servlet/services.
The Apache TomEE console (tomee-webapp) has a XSS vulnerability which could allow javascript to be executed if the user is given a malicious URL. This web application is typically used to add TomEE features to a Tomcat installation. The TomEE bundles do not ship with this application included. This issue can be mitigated by removing the application after TomEE is setup (if using the application to install TomEE), using one of the provided pre-configured bundles, or by upgrading to TomEE 7.0.5. This issue is resolve in this commit: b8bbf50c23ce97dd64f3a5d77f78f84e47579863.
A Denial of Service vulnerability was found in Apache Qpid Broker-J versions 7.0.0-7.0.4 when AMQP protocols 0-8, 0-9 or 0-91 are used to publish messages with size greater than allowed maximum message size limit (100MB by default). The broker crashes due to the defect. AMQP protocols 0-10 and 1.0 are not affected.
In Apache Hadoop versions 3.0.0-alpha1 to 3.1.0, 2.9.0 to 2.9.1, and 2.2.0 to 2.8.4, a user who can escalate to yarn user can possibly run arbitrary commands as root user.
An authenticated user can execute ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITIONS without being authorized by Apache Sentry before 2.0.1. This can allow an attacker unauthorized access to the partitioned data of a Sentry protected table and can allow an attacker to remove data from a Sentry protected table.
Apache Camel 2.20.0 to 2.20.3 and 2.21.0 Core is vulnerable to XXE in XSD validation processor.
This vulnerability in Apache Solr 6.0.0 to 6.6.4 and 7.0.0 to 7.3.1 relates to an XML external entity expansion (XXE) in Solr config files (currency.xml, enumsConfig.xml referred from schema.xml, TIKA parsecontext config file). In addition, Xinclude functionality provided in these config files is also affected in a similar way. The vulnerability can be used as XXE using file/ftp/http protocols in order to read arbitrary local files from the Solr server or the internal network. The manipulated files can be uploaded as configsets using Solr's API, allowing to exploit that vulnerability.
CVE-2018-8025 describes an issue in Apache HBase that affects the optional "Thrift 1" API server when running over HTTP. There is a race-condition which could lead to authenticated sessions being incorrectly applied to users, e.g. one authenticated user would be considered a different user or an unauthenticated user would be treated as an authenticated user. https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/HBASE-20664 implements a fix for this issue. It has been fixed in versions: 1.2.6.1, 1.3.2.1, 1.4.5, 2.0.1.
In Apache Spark 2.1.0 to 2.1.2, 2.2.0 to 2.2.1, and 2.3.0, it's possible for a malicious user to construct a URL pointing to a Spark cluster's UI's job and stage info pages, and if a user can be tricked into accessing the URL, can be used to cause script to execute and expose information from the user's view of the Spark UI. While some browsers like recent versions of Chrome and Safari are able to block this type of attack, current versions of Firefox (and possibly others) do not.
Apache Mesos can be configured to require authentication to call the Executor HTTP API using JSON Web Token (JWT). In Apache Mesos versions pre-1.4.2, 1.5.0, 1.5.1, 1.6.0 the comparison of the generated HMAC value against the provided signature in the JWT implementation used is vulnerable to a timing attack because instead of a constant-time string comparison routine a standard `==` operator has been used. A malicious actor can therefore abuse the timing difference of when the JWT validation function returns to reveal the correct HMAC value.
A carefully crafted invalid TLS handshake can cause Apache Traffic Server (ATS) to segfault. This affects version 6.2.2. To resolve this issue users running 6.2.2 should upgrade to 6.2.3 or later versions.
Versions of Superset prior to 0.23 used an unsafe load method from the pickle library to deserialize data leading to possible remote code execution. Note Superset 0.23 was released prior to any Superset release under the Apache Software Foundation.
Apache Tomcat Native 1.2.0 to 1.2.16 and 1.1.23 to 1.1.34 has a flaw that does not properly check OCSP pre-produced responses, which are lists (multiple entries) of certificate statuses. Subsequently, revoked client certificates may not be properly identified, allowing for users to authenticate with revoked certificates to connections that require mutual TLS. Users not using OCSP checks are not affected by this vulnerability.
When using an OCSP responder Apache Tomcat Native 1.2.0 to 1.2.16 and 1.1.23 to 1.1.34 did not correctly handle invalid responses. This allowed for revoked client certificates to be incorrectly identified. It was therefore possible for users to authenticate with revoked certificates when using mutual TLS. Users not using OCSP checks are not affected by this vulnerability.
In Apache Ignite before 2.4.8 and 2.5.x before 2.5.3, the serialization mechanism does not have a list of classes allowed for serialization/deserialization, which makes it possible to run arbitrary code when 3-rd party vulnerable classes are present in Ignite classpath. The vulnerability can be exploited if the one sends a specially prepared form of a serialized object to GridClientJdkMarshaller deserialization endpoint.
In Apache Tika 1.2 to 1.18, a carefully crafted file can trigger an infinite loop in the IptcAnpaParser.
The default configuration in Apache Cassandra 3.8 through 3.11.1 binds an unauthenticated JMX/RMI interface to all network interfaces, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Java code via an RMI request. This issue is a regression of CVE-2015-0225. The regression was introduced in https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CASSANDRA-12109. The fix for the regression is implemented in https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CASSANDRA-14173. This fix is contained in the 3.11.2 release of Apache Cassandra.
In Apache ORC 1.0.0 to 1.4.3 a malformed ORC file can trigger an endlessly recursive function call in the C++ or Java parser. The impact of this bug is most likely denial-of-service against software that uses the ORC file parser. With the C++ parser, the stack overflow might possibly corrupt the stack.
The defaults settings for the CORS filter provided in Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.8, 8.5.0 to 8.5.31, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.52, 7.0.41 to 7.0.88 are insecure and enable 'supportsCredentials' for all origins. It is expected that users of the CORS filter will have configured it appropriately for their environment rather than using it in the default configuration. Therefore, it is expected that most users will not be impacted by this issue.
In Apache Batik 1.x before 1.10, when deserializing subclass of `AbstractDocument`, the class takes a string from the inputStream as the class name which then use it to call the no-arg constructor of the class. Fix was to check the class type before calling newInstance in deserialization.
No authentication/authorization is enforced when a server attempts to join a quorum in Apache ZooKeeper before 3.4.10, and 3.5.0-alpha through 3.5.3-beta. As a result an arbitrary end point could join the cluster and begin propagating counterfeit changes to the leader.
By specially crafting HTTP requests, the mod_md challenge handler would dereference a NULL pointer and cause the child process to segfault. This could be used to DoS the server. Fixed in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.34 (Affected 2.4.33).
This vulnerability in Apache Solr 6.0.0 to 6.6.3, 7.0.0 to 7.3.0 relates to an XML external entity expansion (XXE) in Solr config files (solrconfig.xml, schema.xml, managed-schema). In addition, Xinclude functionality provided in these config files is also affected in a similar way. The vulnerability can be used as XXE using file/ftp/http protocols in order to read arbitrary local files from the Solr server or the internal network. Users are advised to upgrade to either Solr 6.6.4 or Solr 7.3.1 releases both of which address the vulnerability. Once upgrade is complete, no other steps are required. Those releases only allow external entities and Xincludes that refer to local files / zookeeper resources below the Solr instance directory (using Solr's ResourceLoader); usage of absolute URLs is denied. Keep in mind, that external entities and XInclude are explicitly supported to better structure config files in large installations. Before Solr 6 this was no problem, as config files were not accessible through the APIs.
Apache Hadoop 3.1.0, 3.0.0-alpha to 3.0.2, 2.9.0 to 2.9.1, 2.8.0 to 2.8.4, 2.0.0-alpha to 2.7.6, 0.23.0 to 0.23.11 is exploitable via the zip slip vulnerability in places that accept a zip file.
Apache Storm version 1.0.6 and earlier, 1.2.1 and earlier, and version 1.1.2 and earlier expose an arbitrary file write vulnerability, that can be achieved using a specially crafted zip archive (affects other archives as well, bzip2, tar, xz, war, cpio, 7z), that holds path traversal filenames. So when the filename gets concatenated to the target extraction directory, the final path ends up outside of the target folder.
Apache CouchDB administrative users can configure the database server via HTTP(S). Due to insufficient validation of administrator-supplied configuration settings via the HTTP API, it is possible for a CouchDB administrator user to escalate their privileges to that of the operating system's user that CouchDB runs under, by bypassing the blacklist of configuration settings that are not allowed to be modified via the HTTP API. This privilege escalation effectively allows an existing CouchDB admin user to gain arbitrary remote code execution, bypassing already disclosed CVE-2017-12636. Mitigation: All users should upgrade to CouchDB releases 1.7.2 or 2.1.2.
An instance of a cross-site scripting vulnerability was identified to be present in the web based administration console on the queue.jsp page of Apache ActiveMQ versions 5.0.0 to 5.15.5. The root cause of this issue is improper data filtering of the QueueFilter parameter.
When there are multiple ranges in a range request, Apache Traffic Server (ATS) will read the entire object from cache. This can cause performance problems with large objects in cache. This affects versions 6.0.0 to 6.2.2 and 7.0.0 to 7.1.3. To resolve this issue users running 6.x users should upgrade to 6.2.3 or later versions and 7.x users should upgrade to 7.1.4 or later versions.
There are multiple HTTP smuggling and cache poisoning issues when clients making malicious requests interact with Apache Traffic Server (ATS). This affects versions 6.0.0 to 6.2.2 and 7.0.0 to 7.1.3. To resolve this issue users running 6.x should upgrade to 6.2.3 or later versions and 7.x users should upgrade to 7.1.4 or later versions.
Apache Ambari, versions 1.4.0 to 2.6.1, is susceptible to a directory traversal attack allowing an unauthenticated user to craft an HTTP request which provides read-only access to any file on the filesystem of the host the Ambari Server runs on that is accessible by the user the Ambari Server is running as. Direct network access to the Ambari Server is required to issue this request, and those Ambari Servers that are protected behind a firewall, or in a restricted network zone are at less risk of being affected by this issue.
In Cloudera Navigator Key Trustee KMS 5.12 and 5.13, incorrect default ACL values allow remote access to purge and undelete API calls on encryption zone keys. The Navigator Key Trustee KMS includes 2 API calls in addition to those in Apache Hadoop KMS: purge and undelete. The KMS ACL values for these commands are keytrustee.kms.acl.PURGE and keytrustee.kms.acl.UNDELETE respectively. The default value for the ACLs in Key Trustee KMS 5.12.0 and 5.13.0 is "*" which allows anyone with knowledge of the name of an encryption zone key and network access to the Key Trustee KMS to make those calls against known encryption zone keys. This can result in the recovery of a previously deleted, but not purged, key (undelete) or the deletion of a key in active use (purge) resulting in loss of access to encrypted HDFS data.
In F5 BIG-IP 13.0.0, 12.1.0-12.1.2, 11.6.1, 11.5.1-11.5.5, or 11.2.1 the Apache modules apache_auth_token_mod and mod_auth_f5_auth_token.cpp allow possible unauthenticated bruteforce on the em_server_ip authorization parameter to obtain which SSL client certificates used for mutual authentication between BIG-IQ or Enterprise Manager (EM) and managed BIG-IP devices.
Vulnerability in the Oracle Retail Integration Bus component of Oracle Retail Applications (subcomponent: RIB Kernal(Apache Commons Collections)). The supported version that is affected is 13.2. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Retail Integration Bus. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Oracle Retail Integration Bus, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Oracle Retail Integration Bus accessible data as well as unauthorized read access to a subset of Oracle Retail Integration Bus accessible data and unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service (partial DOS) of Oracle Retail Integration Bus. CVSS 3.0 Base Score 7.1 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:L).
Vulnerability in the Java SE, Java SE Embedded, JRockit component of Oracle Java SE (subcomponent: JAXP). Supported versions that are affected are Java SE: 7u171, 8u162 and 10; Java SE Embedded: 8u161; JRockit: R28.3.17. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise Java SE, Java SE Embedded, JRockit. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service (partial DOS) of Java SE, Java SE Embedded, JRockit. Note: Applies to client and server deployment of Java. This vulnerability can be exploited through sandboxed Java Web Start applications and sandboxed Java applets. It can also be exploited by supplying data to APIs in the specified Component without using sandboxed Java Web Start applications or sandboxed Java applets, such as through a web service. CVSS 3.0 Base Score 5.3 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:L).
cPanel before 68.0.27 creates world-readable files during use of WHM Apache Includes Editor (SEC-388).
cPanel before 68.0.27 allows self XSS in WHM Apache Configuration Include Editor (SEC-385).
cPanel before 70.0.23 exposes Apache HTTP Server logs after creation of certain domains (SEC-406).
cPanel before 74.0.0 allows Apache HTTP Server configuration injection because of DocumentRoot variable interpolation (SEC-416).
The LDAP auth backend (airflow.contrib.auth.backends.ldap_auth) prior to Apache Airflow 1.10.1 was misconfigured and contained improper checking of exceptions which disabled server certificate checking.
In Apache Airflow before 1.10.2, a malicious admin user could edit the state of objects in the Airflow metadata database to execute arbitrary javascript on certain page views.
A carefully crafted URL could trigger an XSS vulnerability on Apache JSPWiki, from versions up to 2.10.5, which could lead to session hijacking.
In WordPress before 4.9.9 and 5.x before 5.0.1, when the Apache HTTP Server is used, authors could upload crafted files that bypass intended MIME type restrictions, leading to XSS, as demonstrated by a .jpg file without JPEG data.
FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.8 might allow attackers to have unspecified impact by leveraging failure to block the jboss-common-core class from polymorphic deserialization.
FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.8 might allow attackers to have unspecified impact by leveraging failure to block the openjpa class from polymorphic deserialization.
FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.8 might allow attackers to have unspecified impact by leveraging failure to block the axis2-transport-jms class from polymorphic deserialization.
Loadbalancer.org Enterprise VA MAX before 8.3.3 has XSS because Apache HTTP Server logs are displayed.
Icinga Web 2 before 2.6.2 allows injection of PHP ini-file directives via vectors involving environment variables as the channel to send information to the attacker, such as a name=${PATH}_${APACHE_RUN_DIR}_${APACHE_RUN_USER} parameter to /icingaweb2/navigation/add or /icingaweb2/dashboard/new-dashlet.
Certain input files could make the code to enter into an infinite loop when Apache Sanselan 0.97-incubator was used to parse them, which could be used in a DoS attack. Note that Apache Sanselan (incubating) was renamed to Apache Commons Imaging.
Certain input files could make the code hang when Apache Sanselan 0.97-incubator was used to parse them, which could be used in a DoS attack. Note that Apache Sanselan (incubating) was renamed to Apache Commons Imaging.
The Apache OFBiz HTTP engine (org.apache.ofbiz.service.engine.HttpEngine.java) handles requests for HTTP services via the /webtools/control/httpService endpoint. This service takes the `serviceContent` parameter in the request and deserializes it using XStream. This `XStream` instance is slightly guarded by disabling the creation of `ProcessBuilder`. However, this can be easily bypassed (and in multiple ways). Mitigation: Upgrade to 16.11.06 or manually apply the following commits on branch 16 r1850017+1850019
In Apache HTTP Server 2.4 release 2.4.37 and prior, mod_session checks the session expiry time before decoding the session. This causes session expiry time to be ignored for mod_session_cookie sessions since the expiry time is loaded when the session is decoded.
Server-side Request Forgery (SSRF) and File Enumeration vulnerability in Apache Roller 5.2.1, 5.2.0 and earlier unsupported versions relies on Java SAX Parser to implement its XML-RPC interface and by default that parser supports external entities in XML DOCTYPE, which opens Roller up to SSRF / File Enumeration vulnerability. Note that this vulnerability exists even if Roller XML-RPC interface is disable via the Roller web admin UI. Mitigation: There are a couple of ways you can fix this vulnerability: 1) Upgrade to the latest version of Roller, which is now 5.2.2 2) Or, edit the Roller web.xml file and comment out the XML-RPC Servlet mapping as shown below: &lt;!-- &lt;servlet-mapping&gt; &lt;servlet-name&gt;XmlRpcServlet&lt;/servlet-name&gt; &lt;url-pattern&gt;/roller-services/xmlrpc&lt;/url-pattern&gt; &lt;/servlet-mapping&gt; --&gt;
A carefully crafted or corrupt sqlite file can cause an infinite loop in Apache Tika's SQLite3Parser in versions 1.8-1.19.1 of Apache Tika.
In Apache Kafka versions between 0.11.0.0 and 2.1.0, it is possible to manually craft a Produce request which bypasses transaction/idempotent ACL validation. Only authenticated clients with Write permission on the respective topics are able to exploit this vulnerability. Users should upgrade to 2.1.1 or later where this vulnerability has been fixed.
The template upload API endpoint accepted requests from different domain when sent in conjunction with ARP spoofing + man in the middle (MiTM) attack, resulting in a CSRF attack. The required attack vector is complex, requiring a scenario with client certificate authentication, same subnet access, and injecting malicious code into an unprotected (plaintext HTTP) website which the targeted user later visits, but the possible damage warranted a Severe severity level. Mitigation: The fix to apply Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) policy request filtering was applied on the Apache NiFi 1.8.0 release. Users running a prior 1.x release should upgrade to the appropriate release.
When a client request to a cluster node was replicated to other nodes in the cluster for verification, the Content-Length was forwarded. On a DELETE request, the body was ignored, but if the initial request had a Content-Length value other than 0, the receiving nodes would wait for the body and eventually timeout. Mitigation: The fix to check DELETE requests and overwrite non-zero Content-Length header values was applied on the Apache NiFi 1.8.0 release. Users running a prior 1.x release should upgrade to the appropriate release.
The message-page.jsp error page used the value of the HTTP request header X-ProxyContextPath without sanitization, resulting in a reflected XSS attack. Mitigation: The fix to correctly parse and sanitize the request attribute value was applied on the Apache NiFi 1.8.0 release. Users running a prior 1.x release should upgrade to the appropriate release.
The X-Frame-Options headers were applied inconsistently on some HTTP responses, resulting in duplicate or missing security headers. Some browsers would interpret these results incorrectly, allowing clickjacking attacks. Mitigation: The fix to consistently apply the security headers was applied on the Apache NiFi 1.8.0 release. Users running a prior 1.x release should upgrade to the appropriate release.
Apache NetBeans (incubating) 9.0 NetBeans Proxy Auto-Configuration (PAC) interpretation is vulnerable for remote command execution (RCE). Using the nashorn script engine the environment of the javascript execution for the Proxy Auto-Configuration leaks privileged objects, that can be used to circumvent the execution limits. If a different script engine was used, no execution limits were in place. Both vectors allow remote code execution.
In all versions of Apache Spark, its standalone resource manager accepts code to execute on a 'master' host, that then runs that code on 'worker' hosts. The master itself does not, by design, execute user code. A specially-crafted request to the master can, however, cause the master to execute code too. Note that this does not affect standalone clusters with authentication enabled. While the master host typically has less outbound access to other resources than a worker, the execution of code on the master is nevertheless unexpected.
In Apache HTTP server versions 2.4.37 and prior, by sending request bodies in a slow loris way to plain resources, the h2 stream for that request unnecessarily occupied a server thread cleaning up that incoming data. This affects only HTTP/2 (mod_http2) connections.
The Apache Qpid Proton-J transport includes an optional wrapper layer to perform TLS, enabled by use of the 'transport.ssl(...)' methods. Unless a verification mode was explicitly configured, client and server modes previously defaulted as documented to not verifying a peer certificate, with options to configure this explicitly or select a certificate verification mode with or without hostname verification being performed. The latter hostname verifying mode was not implemented in Apache Qpid Proton-J versions 0.3 to 0.29.0, with attempts to use it resulting in an exception. This left only the option to verify the certificate is trusted, leaving such a client vulnerable to Man In The Middle (MITM) attack. Uses of the Proton-J protocol engine which do not utilise the optional transport TLS wrapper are not impacted, e.g. usage within Qpid JMS. Uses of Proton-J utilising the optional transport TLS wrapper layer that wish to enable hostname verification must be upgraded to version 0.30.0 or later and utilise the VerifyMode#VERIFY_PEER_NAME configuration, which is now the default for client mode usage unless configured otherwise.
libelf/elf_end.c in elfutils 0.173 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (double free and application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact because it tries to decompress twice.
A vulnerability in unit_deserialize of systemd allows an attacker to supply arbitrary state across systemd re-execution via NotifyAccess. This can be used to improperly influence systemd execution and possibly lead to root privilege escalation. Affected releases are systemd versions up to and including 239.
Python's elementtree C accelerator failed to initialise Expat's hash salt during initialization. This could make it easy to conduct denial of service attacks against Expat by constructing an XML document that would cause pathological hash collisions in Expat's internal data structures, consuming large amounts CPU and RAM. The vulnerability exists in Python versions 3.7.0, 3.6.0 through 3.6.6, 3.5.0 through 3.5.6, 3.4.0 through 3.4.9, 2.7.0 through 2.7.15.
A command injection vulnerability was found in the web administration console in SoftNAS Cloud before 4.0.3. In particular, the snserv script did not sanitize the 'recentVersion' parameter from the snserv endpoint, allowing an unauthenticated attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root permissions.
Prior to 1.0.0, Apache Guacamole used a cookie for client-side storage of the user's session token. This cookie lacked the "secure" flag, which could allow an attacker eavesdropping on the network to intercept the user's session token if unencrypted HTTP requests are made to the same domain.
A carefully crafted (or fuzzed) file can trigger an infinite loop in Apache Tika's ChmParser in versions of Apache Tika before 1.18.
A carefully crafted (or fuzzed) file can trigger an infinite loop in Apache Tika's BPGParser in versions of Apache Tika before 1.18.
In Apache Directory LDAP API before 1.0.2, a bug in the way the SSL Filter was setup made it possible for another thread to use the connection before the TLS layer has been established, if the connection has already been used and put back in a pool of connections, leading to leaking any information contained in this request (including the credentials when sending a BIND request).
An improper handing of overflow in the UTF-8 decoder with supplementary characters can lead to an infinite loop in the decoder causing a Denial of Service. Versions Affected: Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M9 to 9.0.7, 8.5.0 to 8.5.30, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.51, and 7.0.28 to 7.0.86.
From Apache Tika versions 1.7 to 1.17, clients could send carefully crafted headers to tika-server that could be used to inject commands into the command line of the server running tika-server. This vulnerability only affects those running tika-server on a server that is open to untrusted clients. The mitigation is to upgrade to Tika 1.18.
In Apache Spark 1.0.0 to 2.1.2, 2.2.0 to 2.2.1, and 2.3.0, when using PySpark or SparkR, it's possible for a different local user to connect to the Spark application and impersonate the user running the Spark application.
By specially crafting HTTP/2 requests, workers would be allocated 60 seconds longer than necessary, leading to worker exhaustion and a denial of service. Fixed in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.34 (Affected 2.4.18-2.4.30,2.4.33).
Apache Storm version 1.0.6 and earlier, 1.2.1 and earlier, and version 1.1.2 and earlier expose a vulnerability that could allow a user to impersonate another user when communicating with some Storm Daemons.
In Apache Storm 0.10.0 through 0.10.2, 1.0.0 through 1.0.6, 1.1.0 through 1.1.2, and 1.2.0 through 1.2.1, an attacker with access to a secure storm cluster in some cases could execute arbitrary code as a different user.
When parsing a malformed JSON payload, libprocess in Apache Mesos versions 1.4.0 to 1.5.0 might crash due to an uncaught exception. Parsing chunked HTTP requests with trailers can lead to a libprocess crash too because of the mistakenly planted assertion. A malicious actor can therefore cause a denial of service of Mesos masters rendering the Mesos-controlled cluster inoperable.
Apache Zeppelin prior to 0.8.0 had a stored XSS issue via Note permissions. Issue reported by "Josna Joseph".
The Apache Struts REST Plugin is using XStream library which is vulnerable and allow perform a DoS attack when using a malicious request with specially crafted XML payload. Upgrade to the Apache Struts version 2.5.16 and switch to an optional Jackson XML handler as described here http://struts.apache.org/plugins/rest/#custom-contenttypehandlers. Another option is to implement a custom XML handler based on the Jackson XML handler from the Apache Struts 2.5.16.
In Apache wicket-jquery-ui &lt;= 6.29.0, &lt;= 7.10.1, &lt;= 8.0.0-M9.1, JS code created in WYSIWYG editor will be executed on display.
A specially crafted ZIP archive can be used to cause an infinite loop inside of Apache Commons Compress' extra field parser used by the ZipFile and ZipArchiveInputStream classes in versions 1.11 to 1.15. This can be used to mount a denial of service attack against services that use Compress' zip package.
The IIS/ISAPI specific code in the Apache Tomcat JK ISAPI Connector 1.2.0 to 1.2.42 that normalised the requested path before matching it to the URI-worker map did not handle some edge cases correctly. If only a sub-set of the URLs supported by Tomcat were exposed via IIS, then it was possible for a specially constructed request to expose application functionality through the reverse proxy that was not intended for clients accessing Tomcat via the reverse proxy.
An administrator with user search entitlements in Apache Syncope 1.2.x before 1.2.11, 2.0.x before 2.0.8, and unsupported releases 1.0.x and 1.1.x which may be also affected, can recover sensitive security values using the fiql and orderby parameters.
An administrator with report and template entitlements in Apache Syncope 1.2.x before 1.2.11, 2.0.x before 2.0.8, and unsupported releases 1.0.x and 1.1.x which may be also affected, can use XSL Transformations (XSLT) to perform malicious operations, including but not limited to file read, file write, and code execution.
Apache Thrift Java client library versions 0.5.0 through 0.11.0 can bypass SASL negotiation isComplete validation in the org.apache.thrift.transport.TSaslTransport class. An assert used to determine if the SASL handshake had successfully completed could be disabled in production settings making the validation incomplete.
In Apache Allura prior to 1.8.1, attackers may craft URLs that cause HTTP response splitting. If a victim goes to a maliciously crafted URL, unwanted results may occur including XSS or service denial for the victim's browsing session.
Adding method ACLs in remap.config can cause a segfault when the user makes a carefully crafted request. This affects versions Apache Traffic Server (ATS) 6.0.0 to 6.2.2 and 7.0.0 to 7.1.3. To resolve this issue users running 6.x should upgrade to 6.2.3 or later versions and 7.x users should upgrade to 7.1.4 or later versions.
In Apache Zeppelin prior to 0.8.0 the cron scheduler was enabled by default and could allow users to run paragraphs as other users without authentication.
The ODE process deployment web service was sensible to deployment messages with forged names. Using a path for the name was allowing directory traversal, resulting in the potential writing of files under unwanted locations, the overwriting of existing files or their deletion. This issue was addressed in Apache ODE 1.3.3 which was released in 2009, however the incorrect name CVE-2008-2370 was used on the advisory by mistake.
In Apache Hive 2.1.0 to 2.3.2, when 'COPY FROM FTP' statement is run using HPL/SQL extension to Hive, a compromised/malicious FTP server can cause the file to be written to an arbitrary location on the cluster where the command is run from. This is because FTP client code in HPL/SQL does not verify the destination location of the downloaded file. This does not affect hive cli user and hiveserver2 user as hplsql is a separate command line script and needs to be invoked differently.
In Apache Hive 2.3.3, 3.1.0 and earlier, Hive "EXPLAIN" operation does not check for necessary authorization of involved entities in a query. An unauthorized user can do "EXPLAIN" on arbitrary table or view and expose table metadata and statistics.
In Apache Derby 10.3.1.4 to 10.14.1.0, a specially-crafted network packet can be used to request the Derby Network Server to boot a database whose location and contents are under the user's control. If the Derby Network Server is not running with a Java Security Manager policy file, the attack is successful. If the server is using a policy file, the policy file must permit the database location to be read for the attack to work. The default Derby Network Server policy file distributed with the affected releases includes a permissive policy as the default Network Server policy, which allows the attack to work.
In Apache httpd 2.2.0 to 2.4.29, when generating an HTTP Digest authentication challenge, the nonce sent to prevent reply attacks was not correctly generated using a pseudo-random seed. In a cluster of servers using a common Digest authentication configuration, HTTP requests could be replayed across servers by an attacker without detection.
The Apache Xerces-C 3.0.0 to 3.2.3 XML parser contains a use-after-free error triggered during the scanning of external DTDs. This flaw has not been addressed in the maintained version of the library and has no current mitigation other than to disable DTD processing. This can be accomplished via the DOM using a standard parser feature, or via SAX using the XERCES_DISABLE_DTD environment variable.
Apache NiFi JMS Deserialization issue because of ActiveMQ client vulnerability. Malicious JMS content could cause denial of service. See ActiveMQ CVE-2015-5254 announcement for more information. The fix to upgrade the activemq-client library to 5.15.3 was applied on the Apache NiFi 1.6.0 release. Users running a prior 1.x release should upgrade to the appropriate release.
Apache NiFi External XML Entity issue in SplitXML processor. Malicious XML content could cause information disclosure or remote code execution. The fix to disable external general entity parsing and disallow doctype declarations was applied on the Apache NiFi 1.6.0 release. Users running a prior 1.x release should upgrade to the appropriate release.
This vulnerability in Apache Solr 1.2 to 6.6.2 and 7.0.0 to 7.2.1 relates to an XML external entity expansion (XXE) in the `&amp;dataConfig=&lt;inlinexml&gt;` parameter of Solr's DataImportHandler. It can be used as XXE using file/ftp/http protocols in order to read arbitrary local files from the Solr server or the internal network.
In Apache jUDDI 3.2 through 3.3.4, if using the WADL2Java or WSDL2Java classes, which parse a local or remote XML document and then mediates the data structures into UDDI data structures, there are little protections present against entity expansion and DTD type of attacks. Mitigation is to use 3.3.5.
The PortletV3AnnotatedDemo Multipart Portlet war file code provided in Apache Pluto version 3.0.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to restrict path information provided during a file upload. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain configuration data and other sensitive information.
Security constraints defined by annotations of Servlets in Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.4, 8.5.0 to 8.5.27, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.49 and 7.0.0 to 7.0.84 were only applied once a Servlet had been loaded. Because security constraints defined in this way apply to the URL pattern and any URLs below that point, it was possible - depending on the order Servlets were loaded - for some security constraints not to be applied. This could have exposed resources to users who were not authorised to access them.
The URL pattern of "" (the empty string) which exactly maps to the context root was not correctly handled in Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.4, 8.5.0 to 8.5.27, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.49 and 7.0.0 to 7.0.84 when used as part of a security constraint definition. This caused the constraint to be ignored. It was, therefore, possible for unauthorised users to gain access to web application resources that should have been protected. Only security constraints with a URL pattern of the empty string were affected.
A specially crafted HTTP request header could have crashed the Apache HTTP Server prior to version 2.4.30 due to an out of bound read while preparing data to be cached in shared memory. It could be used as a Denial of Service attack against users of mod_cache_socache. The vulnerability is considered as low risk since mod_cache_socache is not widely used, mod_cache_disk is not concerned by this vulnerability.
When an HTTP/2 stream was destroyed after being handled, the Apache HTTP Server prior to version 2.4.30 could have written a NULL pointer potentially to an already freed memory. The memory pools maintained by the server make this vulnerability hard to trigger in usual configurations, the reporter and the team could not reproduce it outside debug builds, so it is classified as low risk.
A specially crafted request could have crashed the Apache HTTP Server prior to version 2.4.30, due to an out of bound access after a size limit is reached by reading the HTTP header. This vulnerability is considered very hard if not impossible to trigger in non-debug mode (both log and build level), so it is classified as low risk for common server usage.
In Apache Allura before 1.8.0, unauthenticated attackers may retrieve arbitrary files through the Allura web application. Some webservers used with Allura, such as Nginx, Apache/mod_wsgi or paster may prevent the attack from succeeding. Others, such as gunicorn do not prevent it and leave Allura vulnerable.
A Denial of Service vulnerability was found in Apache Qpid Broker-J 7.0.0 in functionality for authentication of connections for AMQP protocols 0-8, 0-9, 0-91 and 0-10 when PLAIN or XOAUTH2 SASL mechanism is used. The vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker to crash the broker instance. AMQP 1.0 and HTTP connections are not affected. An authentication of incoming AMQP connections in Apache Qpid Broker-J is performed by special entities called "Authentication Providers". Each Authentication Provider can support several SASL mechanisms which are offered to the connecting clients as part of SASL negotiation process. The client chooses the most appropriate SASL mechanism for authentication. Authentication Providers of following types supports PLAIN SASL mechanism: Plain, PlainPasswordFile, SimpleLDAP, Base64MD5PasswordFile, MD5, SCRAM-SHA-256, SCRAM-SHA-1. XOAUTH2 SASL mechanism is supported by Authentication Providers of type OAuth2. If an AMQP port is configured with any of these Authentication Providers, the Broker may be vulnerable.
When using Distributed Test only (RMI based), Apache JMeter 2.x and 3.x uses an unsecured RMI connection. This could allow an attacker to get Access to JMeterEngine and send unauthorized code.
In Apache Hadoop 3.0.0-alpha1 to 3.0.0, 2.9.0, 2.8.0 to 2.8.3, and 2.5.0 to 2.7.5, HDFS exposes extended attribute key/value pairs during listXAttrs, verifying only path-level search access to the directory rather than path-level read permission to the referent.
In Apache Ignite 2.3 or earlier, the serialization mechanism does not have a list of classes allowed for serialization/deserialization, which makes it possible to run arbitrary code when 3-rd party vulnerable classes are present in Ignite classpath. The vulnerability can be exploited if the one sends a specially prepared form of a serialized object to one of the deserialization endpoints of some Ignite components - discovery SPI, Ignite persistence, Memcached endpoint, socket steamer.
If a user of Apache Commons Email (typically an application programmer) passes unvalidated input as the so-called "Bounce Address", and that input contains line-breaks, then the email details (recipients, contents, etc.) might be manipulated. Mitigation: Users should upgrade to Commons-Email 1.5. You can mitigate this vulnerability for older versions of Commons Email by stripping line-breaks from data, that will be passed to Email.setBounceAddress(String).
Within the 'getReportType' method in Apache Fineract 1.0.0, 0.6.0-incubating, 0.5.0-incubating, 0.4.0-incubating, a hacker could inject SQL to read/update data for which he doesn't have authorization for by way of the 'reportName' parameter.
Apache Fineract 1.0.0, 0.6.0-incubating, 0.5.0-incubating, 0.4.0-incubating exposes different REST end points to query domain specific entities with a Query Parameter 'orderBy' which are appended directly with SQL statements. A hacker/user can inject/draft the 'orderBy' query parameter by way of the "order" param in such a way to read/update the data for which he doesn't have authorization.
In Apache Fineract versions 1.0.0, 0.6.0-incubating, 0.5.0-incubating, 0.4.0-incubating, Using a single quotation escape with two continuous SQL parameters can cause a SQL injection. This could be done in Methods like retrieveAuditEntries of AuditsApiResource Class and retrieveCommands of MakercheckersApiResource Class.
In Apache Fineract versions 1.0.0, 0.6.0-incubating, 0.5.0-incubating, 0.4.0-incubating, the system exposes different REST end points to query domain specific entities with a Query Parameter 'orderBy' and 'sortOrder' which are appended directly with SQL statements. A hacker/user can inject/draft the 'orderBy' and 'sortOrder' query parameter in such a way to read/update the data for which he doesn't have authorization.
In Apache Kafka 0.9.0.0 to 0.9.0.1, 0.10.0.0 to 0.10.2.1, 0.11.0.0 to 0.11.0.2, and 1.0.0, authenticated Kafka users may perform action reserved for the Broker via a manually created fetch request interfering with data replication, resulting in data loss.
In Apache JMeter 2.X and 3.X, when using Distributed Test only (RMI based), jmeter server binds RMI Registry to wildcard host. This could allow an attacker to get Access to JMeterEngine and send unauthorized code.
In Apache OpenMeetings 3.0.0 - 4.0.1, CRUD operations on privileged users are not password protected allowing an authenticated attacker to deny service for privileged users.
Apache log4net versions before 2.0.10 do not disable XML external entities when parsing log4net configuration files. This allows for XXE-based attacks in applications that accept attacker-controlled log4net configuration files.
In Apache Hive 0.6.0 to 2.3.2, malicious user might use any xpath UDFs (xpath/xpath_string/xpath_boolean/xpath_number/xpath_double/xpath_float/xpath_long/xpath_int/xpath_short) to expose the content of a file on the machine running HiveServer2 owned by HiveServer2 user (usually hive) if hive.server2.enable.doAs=false.
In Apache httpd 2.4.0 to 2.4.29, when mod_session is configured to forward its session data to CGI applications (SessionEnv on, not the default), a remote user may influence their content by using a "Session" header. This comes from the "HTTP_SESSION" variable name used by mod_session to forward its data to CGIs, since the prefix "HTTP_" is also used by the Apache HTTP Server to pass HTTP header fields, per CGI specifications.
This vulnerability in Apache Hive JDBC driver 0.7.1 to 2.3.2 allows carefully crafted arguments to be used to bypass the argument escaping/cleanup that JDBC driver does in PreparedStatement implementation.
The clustered setup of Apache MXNet allows users to specify which IP address and port the scheduler will listen on via the DMLC_PS_ROOT_URI and DMLC_PS_ROOT_PORT env variables. In versions older than 1.0.0, however, the MXNet framework will listen on 0.0.0.0 rather than user specified DMLC_PS_ROOT_URI once a scheduler node is initialized. This exposes the instance running MXNet to any attackers reachable via the interface they didn't expect to be listening on. For example: If a user wants to run a clustered setup locally, they may specify to run on 127.0.0.1. But since MXNet will listen on 0.0.0.0, it makes the port accessible on all network interfaces.
Spring Data Commons, versions prior to 1.13 to 1.13.10, 2.0 to 2.0.5, and older unsupported versions, contain a property binder vulnerability caused by improper neutralization of special elements. An unauthenticated remote malicious user (or attacker) can supply specially crafted request parameters against Spring Data REST backed HTTP resources or using Spring Data's projection-based request payload binding hat can lead to a remote code execution attack.
In Eclipse Jetty versions 9.4.0 through 9.4.8, when using the optional Jetty provided FileSessionDataStore for persistent storage of HttpSession details, it is possible for a malicious user to access/hijack other HttpSessions and even delete unmatched HttpSessions present in the FileSystem's storage for the FileSessionDataStore.
Archive.java in Junrar before 1.0.1, as used in Apache Tika and other products, is affected by a denial of service vulnerability due to an infinite loop when handling corrupt RAR files.
The Schema repository server (tibschemad) component of TIBCO Software Inc.'s TIBCO Messaging - Apache Kafka Distribution - Schema Repository - Community Edition, and TIBCO Messaging - Apache Kafka Distribution - Schema Repository - Enterprise Edition contains a vulnerability which may allow an attacker to perform cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attacks. Affected releases are TIBCO Software Inc. TIBCO Messaging - Apache Kafka Distribution - Schema Repository - Community Edition: 1.0.0, and TIBCO Messaging - Apache Kafka Distribution - Schema Repository - Enterprise Edition: 1.0.0.
RSA Authentication Agent version 8.0.1 and earlier for Web for IIS is affected by a problem where access control list (ACL) permissions on a Windows Named Pipe were not sufficient to prevent access by unauthorized users. The attacker with local access to the system can exploit this vulnerability to read configuration properties for the authentication agent.
RSA Authentication Agent version 8.0.1 and earlier for Web for both IIS and Apache Web Server are affected by a cross-site scripting vulnerability. The attackers could potentially exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary HTML or JavaScript code in the user's browser session in the context of the affected website.
RSA Authentication Agent version 8.0.1 and earlier for Web for both IIS and Apache Web Server are impacted by a stack-based buffer overflow which may occur when handling certain malicious web cookies that have invalid formats. The attacker could exploit this vulnerability to crash the authentication agent and cause a denial-of-service situation.
In Apache SpamAssassin before 3.4.3, nefarious CF files can be configured to run system commands without any output or errors. With this, exploits can be injected in a number of scenarios. In addition to upgrading to SA 3.4.3, we recommend that users should only use update channels or 3rd party .cf files from trusted places.
Spark's Apache Maven-based build includes a convenience script, 'build/mvn', that downloads and runs a zinc server to speed up compilation. It has been included in release branches since 1.3.x, up to and including master. This server will accept connections from external hosts by default. A specially-crafted request to the zinc server could cause it to reveal information in files readable to the developer account running the build. Note that this issue does not affect end users of Spark, only developers building Spark from source code.
Subversion's mod_dav_svn Apache HTTPD module versions 1.11.0 and 1.10.0 to 1.10.3 will crash after dereferencing an uninitialized pointer if the client omits the root path in a recursive directory listing operation.
In Apache Solr, the cluster can be partitioned into multiple collections and only a subset of nodes actually host any given collection. However, if a node receives a request for a collection it does not host, it proxies the request to a relevant node and serves the request. Solr bypasses all authorization settings for such requests. This affects all Solr versions prior to 7.7 that use the default authorization mechanism of Solr (RuleBasedAuthorizationPlugin).
SQL injection vulnerability in Apache Fineract before 1.3.0 allows attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via a query on a m_center data related table.
SQL injection vulnerability in Apache Fineract before 1.3.0 allows attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via a query on the GroupSummaryCounts related table.
Vulnerability allows a user of Apache Oozie 3.1.3-incubating to 5.0.0 to impersonate other users. The malicious user can construct an XML that results workflows running in other user's name.
The Apache Thrift Node.js static web server in versions 0.9.2 through 0.11.0 have been determined to contain a security vulnerability in which a remote user has the ability to access files outside the set webservers docroot path.
In Apache PDFBox 1.8.0 to 1.8.15 and 2.0.0RC1 to 2.0.11, a carefully crafted PDF file can trigger an extremely long running computation when parsing the page tree.
In Apache Tika 1.19 (CVE-2018-11761), we added an entity expansion limit for XML parsing. However, Tika reuses SAXParsers and calls reset() after each parse, which, for Xerces2 parsers, as per the documentation, removes the user-specified SecurityManager and thus removes entity expansion limits after the first parse. Apache Tika versions from 0.1 to 1.19 are therefore still vulnerable to entity expansions which can lead to a denial of service attack. Users should upgrade to 1.19.1 or later.
When parsing a JSON payload with deeply nested JSON structures, the parser in Apache Mesos versions pre-1.4.x, 1.4.0 to 1.4.2, 1.5.0 to 1.5.1, 1.6.0 to 1.6.1, and 1.7.0 might overflow the stack due to unbounded recursion. A malicious actor can therefore cause a denial of service of Mesos masters rendering the Mesos-controlled cluster inoperable.
In Apache Impala before 3.0.1, ALTER TABLE/VIEW RENAME required ALTER on the old table. This may pose a potential security risk, such as having ALTER on a table and ALL on a particular database allows a user to move the table to a database with ALL, which will automatically grant that user with ALL privilege on that table due to the privilege inherited from the database.
When loading a document with Apache Open Office 4.1.5 and earlier with smaller end line termination than the operating system uses, the defect occurs. In this case OpenOffice runs into an Arithmetic Overflow at a string length calculation.
When accessing the heron-ui webpage, people can modify the file paths outside of the current container to access any file on the host. Example woule be modifying the parameter path= to go to the directory you would like to view. i.e. ..%2F..%2F..%2F..%2F..%2F..%2Fetc%2Fpasswd.
Apache Karaf provides a features deployer, which allows users to "hot deploy" a features XML by dropping the file directly in the deploy folder. The features XML is parsed by XMLInputFactory class. Apache Karaf XMLInputFactory class doesn't contain any mitigation codes against XXE. This is a potential security risk as an user can inject external XML entities in Apache Karaf version prior to 4.1.7 or 4.2.2. It has been fixed in Apache Karaf 4.1.7 and 4.2.2 releases.
In Apache Karaf version prior to 3.0.9, 4.0.9, 4.1.1, when the webconsole feature is installed in Karaf, it is available at .../system/console and requires authentication to access it. One part of the console is a Gogo shell/console that gives access to the command line console of Karaf via a Web browser, and when navigated to it is available at .../system/console/gogo. Trying to go directly to that URL does require authentication. And optional bundle that some applications use is the Pax Web Extender Whiteboard, it is part of the pax-war feature and perhaps others. When it is installed, the Gogo console becomes available at another URL .../gogo/, and that URL is not secured giving access to the Karaf console to unauthenticated users. A mitigation for the issue is to manually stop/uninstall Gogo plugin bundle that is installed with the webconsole feature, although of course this removes the console from the .../system/console application, not only from the unauthenticated endpoint. One could also stop/uninstall the Pax Web Extender Whiteboard, but other components/applications may require it and so their functionality would be reduced/compromised.
In Apache Karaf prior to 4.2.0 release, if the sshd service in Karaf is left on so an administrator can manage the running instance, any user with rights to the Karaf console can pivot and read/write any file on the file system to which the Karaf process user has access. This can be locked down a bit by using chroot to change the root directory to protect files outside of the Karaf install directory; it can be further locked down by defining a security manager policy that limits file system access to those directories beneath the Karaf home that are necessary for the system to run. However, this still allows anyone with ssh access to the Karaf process to read and write a large number of files as the Karaf process user.
Missing authorization check in Apache Impala before 3.0.1 allows a Kerberos-authenticated but unauthorized user to inject random data into a running query, leading to wrong results for a query.
When the default servlet in Apache Tomcat versions 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.11, 8.5.0 to 8.5.33 and 7.0.23 to 7.0.90 returned a redirect to a directory (e.g. redirecting to '/foo/' when the user requested '/foo') a specially crafted URL could be used to cause the redirect to be generated to any URI of the attackers choice.
sslheaders plugin extracts information from the client certificate and sets headers in the request based on the configuration of the plugin. The plugin doesn't strip the headers from the request in some scenarios. This problem was discovered in versions 6.0.0 to 6.0.3, 7.0.0 to 7.1.5, and 8.0.0 to 8.0.1.
In Apache Subversion versions up to and including 1.9.10, 1.10.4, 1.12.0, Subversion's svnserve server process may exit when a well-formed read-only request produces a particular answer. This can lead to disruption for users of the server.
Apache SpamAssassin 3.4.2 fixes a local user code injection in the meta rule syntax.
A potential Remote Code Execution bug exists with the PDFInfo plugin in Apache SpamAssassin before 3.4.2.
In Apache Storm versions 1.1.0 to 1.2.2, when the user is using the storm-kafka-client or storm-kafka modules, it is possible to cause the Storm UI daemon to deserialize user provided bytes into a Java class.
UnixAuthenticationService in Apache Ranger 1.2.0 was updated to correctly handle user input to avoid Stack-based buffer overflow. Versions prior to 1.2.0 should be upgraded to 1.2.0
In Apache Hive 2.3.3, 3.1.0 and earlier, local resources on HiveServer2 machines are not properly protected against malicious user if ranger, sentry or sql standard authorizer is not in use.
Apache Struts versions 2.3 to 2.3.34 and 2.5 to 2.5.16 suffer from possible Remote Code Execution when alwaysSelectFullNamespace is true (either by user or a plugin like Convention Plugin) and then: results are used with no namespace and in same time, its upper package have no or wildcard namespace and similar to results, same possibility when using url tag which doesn't have value and action set and in same time, its upper package have no or wildcard namespace.
TLS hostname verification when using the Apache ActiveMQ Client before 5.15.6 was missing which could make the client vulnerable to a MITM attack between a Java application using the ActiveMQ client and the ActiveMQ server. This is now enabled by default.
Apache VCL versions 2.1 through 2.5 do not properly validate form input when adding and removing VMs to and from hosts. The form data is then used in SQL statements. This allows for an SQL injection attack. Access to this portion of a VCL system requires admin level rights. Other layers of security seem to protect against malicious attack. However, all VCL systems running versions earlier than 2.5.1 should be upgraded or patched. This vulnerability was found and reported to the Apache VCL project by ADLab of Venustech.
Apache VCL versions 2.1 through 2.5 do not properly validate form input when processing a submitted block allocation. The form data is then used as an argument to the php built in function strtotime. This allows for an attack against the underlying implementation of that function. The implementation of strtotime at the time the issue was discovered appeared to be resistant to a malicious attack. However, all VCL systems running versions earlier than 2.5.1 should be upgraded or patched. This vulnerability was found and reported to the Apache VCL project by ADLab of Venustech.
Apache VCL versions 2.1 through 2.5 do not properly validate cookie input when determining what node (if any) was previously selected in the privilege tree. The cookie data is then used in an SQL statement. This allows for an SQL injection attack. Access to this portion of a VCL system requires admin level rights. Other layers of security seem to protect against malicious attack. However, all VCL systems running versions earlier than 2.5.1 should be upgraded or patched. This vulnerability was found and reported to the Apache VCL project by ADLab of Venustech.
When reading a specially crafted ZIP archive, the read method of Apache Commons Compress 1.7 to 1.17's ZipArchiveInputStream can fail to return the correct EOF indication after the end of the stream has been reached. When combined with a java.io.InputStreamReader this can lead to an infinite stream, which can be used to mount a denial of service attack against services that use Compress' zip package.
From version 1.3.0 onward, Apache Spark's standalone master exposes a REST API for job submission, in addition to the submission mechanism used by spark-submit. In standalone, the config property 'spark.authenticate.secret' establishes a shared secret for authenticating requests to submit jobs via spark-submit. However, the REST API does not use this or any other authentication mechanism, and this is not adequately documented. In this case, a user would be able to run a driver program without authenticating, but not launch executors, using the REST API. This REST API is also used by Mesos, when set up to run in cluster mode (i.e., when also running MesosClusterDispatcher), for job submission. Future versions of Spark will improve documentation on these points, and prohibit setting 'spark.authenticate.secret' when running the REST APIs, to make this clear. Future versions will also disable the REST API by default in the standalone master by changing the default value of 'spark.master.rest.enabled' to 'false'.
In Apache Hadoop 3.1.0 to 3.1.1, 3.0.0-alpha1 to 3.0.3, 2.9.0 to 2.9.1, and 2.0.0-alpha to 2.8.4, the user/group information can be corrupted across storing in fsimage and reading back from fsimage.
In Apache Hadoop 2.9.0 to 2.9.1, 2.8.3 to 2.8.4, 2.7.5 to 2.7.6, KMS blocking users or granting access to users incorrectly, if the system uses non-default groups mapping mechanisms.
In Apache Hadoop 2.7.4 to 2.7.6, the security fix for CVE-2016-6811 is incomplete. A user who can escalate to yarn user can possibly run arbitrary commands as root user.
In Apache Hadoop versions 3.0.0-alpha2 to 3.0.0, 2.9.0 to 2.9.2, 2.8.0 to 2.8.5, any users can access some servlets without authentication when Kerberos authentication is enabled and SPNEGO through HTTP is not enabled.
Web endpoint authentication check is broken in Apache Hadoop 3.0.0-alpha4, 3.0.0-beta1, and 3.0.0. Authenticated users may impersonate any user even if no proxy user is configured.
In Apache HTTP Server 2.4.17 to 2.4.34, by sending continuous, large SETTINGS frames a client can occupy a connection, server thread and CPU time without any connection timeout coming to effect. This affects only HTTP/2 connections. A possible mitigation is to not enable the h2 protocol.
In Apache Tika 0.9 to 1.18, in a rare edge case where a user does not specify an extract directory on the commandline (--extract-dir=) and the input file has an embedded file with an absolute path, such as "C:/evil.bat", tika-app would overwrite that file.
In Apache Tika 0.1 to 1.18, the XML parsers were not configured to limit entity expansion. They were therefore vulnerable to an entity expansion vulnerability which can lead to a denial of service attack.
When using PySpark , it's possible for a different local user to connect to the Spark application and impersonate the user running the Spark application. This affects versions 1.x, 2.0.x, 2.1.x, 2.2.0 to 2.2.2, and 2.3.0 to 2.3.1.
The Apache Web Server (httpd) specific code that normalised the requested path before matching it to the URI-worker map in Apache Tomcat JK (mod_jk) Connector 1.2.0 to 1.2.44 did not handle some edge cases correctly. If only a sub-set of the URLs supported by Tomcat were exposed via httpd, then it was possible for a specially constructed request to expose application functionality through the reverse proxy that was not intended for clients accessing the application via the reverse proxy. It was also possible in some configurations for a specially constructed request to bypass the access controls configured in httpd. While there is some overlap between this issue and CVE-2018-1323, they are not identical.
This affects Apache Cayenne 4.1.M1, 3.2.M1, 4.0.M2 to 4.0.M5, 4.0.B1, 4.0.B2, 4.0.RC1, 3.1, 3.1.1, 3.1.2. CayenneModeler is a desktop GUI tool shipped with Apache Cayenne and intended for editing Cayenne ORM models stored as XML files. If an attacker tricks a user of CayenneModeler into opening a malicious XML file, the attacker will be able to instruct the XML parser built into CayenneModeler to transfer files from a local machine to a remote machine controlled by the attacker. The cause of the issue is XML parser processing XML External Entity (XXE) declarations included in XML. The vulnerability is addressed in Cayenne by disabling XXE processing in all operations that require XML parsing.
In Docker Skeleton Runtime for Apache OpenWhisk, a Docker action inheriting the Docker tag openwhisk/dockerskeleton:1.3.0 (or earlier) may allow an attacker to replace the user function inside the container if the user code is vulnerable to code exploitation.
In PHP Runtime for Apache OpenWhisk, a Docker action inheriting one of the Docker tags openwhisk/action-php-v7.2:1.0.0 or openwhisk/action-php-v7.1:1.0.1 (or earlier) may allow an attacker to replace the user function inside the container if the user code is vulnerable to code exploitation.
Incorrect Permission Assignment on the /var/www/xms/cleanzip.sh shell script run periodically in Dialogic PowerMedia XMS through 3.5 allows local users to execute code as the root user.
pulp 2.16.x and possibly older is vulnerable to an improper path parsing. A malicious user or a malicious iso feed repository can write to locations accessible to the 'apache' user. This may lead to overwrite of published content on other iso repositories.
An information disclosure vulnerability occurs when LibreOffice 6.0.3 and Apache OpenOffice Writer 4.1.5 automatically process and initiate an SMB connection embedded in a malicious file, as demonstrated by xlink:href=file://192.168.0.2/test.jpg within an office:document-content element in a .odt XML document.
Unbounded memory allocation in Google Guava 11.0 through 24.x before 24.1.1 allows remote attackers to conduct denial of service attacks against servers that depend on this library and deserialize attacker-provided data, because the AtomicDoubleArray class (when serialized with Java serialization) and the CompoundOrdering class (when serialized with GWT serialization) perform eager allocation without appropriate checks on what a client has sent and whether the data size is reasonable.
The REST Plugin in Apache Struts 2.1.1 through 2.3.x before 2.3.34 and 2.5.x before 2.5.13 uses an XStreamHandler with an instance of XStream for deserialization without any type filtering, which can lead to Remote Code Execution when deserializing XML payloads.
In Apache Struts 2.3.7 through 2.3.33 and 2.5 through 2.5.12, if an application allows entering a URL in a form field and built-in URLValidator is used, it is possible to prepare a special URL which will be used to overload server process when performing validation of the URL.  NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for S2-047 / CVE-2017-7672.
Apache Solr's Kerberos plugin can be configured to use delegation tokens, which allows an application to reuse the authentication of an end-user or another application. There are two issues with this functionality (when using SecurityAwareZkACLProvider type of ACL provider e.g. SaslZkACLProvider). Firstly, access to the security configuration can be leaked to users other than the solr super user. Secondly, malicious users can exploit this leaked configuration for privilege escalation to further expose/modify private data and/or disrupt operations in the Solr cluster. The vulnerability is fixed from Apache Solr 6.6.1 onwards.
The Javascript method Sling.evalString() in Apache Sling Servlets Post before 2.3.22 uses the javascript 'eval' function to parse input strings, which allows for XSS attacks by passing specially crafted input strings.
When a call-site passes a subject for an email that contains line-breaks in Apache Commons Email 1.0 through 1.4, the caller can add arbitrary SMTP headers.
A maliciously constructed svn+ssh:// URL would cause Subversion clients before 1.8.19, 1.9.x before 1.9.7, and 1.10.0.x through 1.10.0-alpha3 to run an arbitrary shell command. Such a URL could be generated by a malicious server, by a malicious user committing to a honest server (to attack another user of that server's repositories), or by a proxy server. The vulnerability affects all clients, including those that use file://, http://, and plain (untunneled) svn://.
It was found that under some situations and configurations of Apache Storm 1.x before 1.0.4 and 1.1.x before 1.1.1, it is theoretically possible for the owner of a topology to trick the supervisor to launch a worker as a different, non-root, user. In the worst case this could lead to secure credentials of the other user being compromised.
Apache httpd allows remote attackers to read secret data from process memory if the Limit directive can be set in a user's .htaccess file, or if httpd.conf has certain misconfigurations, aka Optionsbleed. This affects the Apache HTTP Server through 2.2.34 and 2.4.x through 2.4.27. The attacker sends an unauthenticated OPTIONS HTTP request when attempting to read secret data. This is a use-after-free issue and thus secret data is not always sent, and the specific data depends on many factors including configuration. Exploitation with .htaccess can be blocked with a patch to the ap_limit_section function in server/core.c.
When an Apache Geode cluster before v1.2.1 is operating in secure mode, an unauthenticated client can enter multi-user authentication mode and send metadata messages. These metadata operations could leak information about application data types. In addition, an attacker could perform a denial of service attack on the cluster.
When an Apache Geode cluster before v1.3.0 is operating in secure mode, a user with read access to specific regions within a Geode cluster may execute OQL queries containing a region name as a bind parameter that allow read access to objects within unauthorized regions.
When an Apache Geode cluster before v1.3.0 is operating in secure mode, a user with read access to specific regions within a Geode cluster may execute OQL queries that allow read and write access to objects within unauthorized regions. In addition a user could invoke methods that allow remote code execution.
When a cluster is operating in secure mode, a user with read privileges for specific data regions can use the gfsh command line utility to execute queries. In Apache Geode before 1.2.1, the query results may contain data from another user's concurrently executing gfsh query, potentially revealing data that the user is not authorized to view.
The REST Plugin in Apache Struts 2.1.x, 2.3.7 through 2.3.33 and 2.5 through 2.5.12 is using an outdated XStream library which is vulnerable and allow perform a DoS attack using malicious request with specially crafted XML payload.
In Apache Impala (incubating) before 2.10.0, a malicious user with "ALTER" permissions on an Impala table can access any other Kudu table data by altering the table properties to make it "external" and then changing the underlying table mapping to point to other Kudu tables. This violates and works around the authorization requirement that creating a Kudu external table via Impala requires an "ALL" privilege at the server scope. This privilege requirement for "CREATE" commands is enforced to precisely avoid this scenario where a malicious user can change the underlying Kudu table mapping. The fix is to enforce the same privilege requirement for "ALTER" commands that would make existing non-external Kudu tables external.
The Struts 1 plugin in Apache Struts 2.1.x and 2.3.x might allow remote code execution via a malicious field value passed in a raw message to the ActionMessage.
When handling a libprocess message wrapped in an HTTP request, libprocess in Apache Mesos before 1.1.3, 1.2.x before 1.2.2, 1.3.x before 1.3.1, and 1.4.0-dev crashes if the request path is empty, because the parser assumes the request path always starts with '/'. A malicious actor can therefore cause a denial of service of Mesos masters rendering the Mesos-controlled cluster inoperable.
When under stress, closing many connections, the HTTP/2 handling code in Apache httpd 2.4.26 would sometimes access memory after it has been freed, resulting in potentially erratic behaviour.
In Apache httpd before 2.2.34 and 2.4.x before 2.4.27, the value placeholder in [Proxy-]Authorization headers of type 'Digest' was not initialized or reset before or between successive key=value assignments by mod_auth_digest. Providing an initial key with no '=' assignment could reflect the stale value of uninitialized pool memory used by the prior request, leading to leakage of potentially confidential information, and a segfault in other cases resulting in denial of service.
When using a Spring AOP functionality to secure Struts actions it is possible to perform a DoS attack. Solution is to upgrade to Apache Struts version 2.5.12 or 2.3.33.
Apache OpenMeetings 1.0.0 updates user password in insecure manner.
When handling a decoding failure for a malformed URL path of an HTTP request, libprocess in Apache Mesos before 1.1.3, 1.2.x before 1.2.2, 1.3.x before 1.3.1, and 1.4.0-dev might crash because the code accidentally calls inappropriate function. A malicious actor can therefore cause a denial of service of Mesos masters rendering the Mesos-controlled cluster inoperable.
Apache Ignite 1.0.0-RC3 to 2.0 uses an update notifier component to update the users about new project releases that include additional functionality, bug fixes and performance improvements. To do that the component communicates to an external PHP server (http://ignite.run) where it needs to send some system properties like Apache Ignite or Java version. Some of the properties might contain user sensitive information.
Apache OpenMeetings 1.0.0 responds to the following insecure HTTP methods: PUT, DELETE, HEAD, and PATCH.
Apache OpenMeetings 1.0.0 doesn't check contents of files being uploaded. An attacker can cause a denial of service by uploading multiple large files to the server.
Apache OpenMeetings 1.0.0 displays Tomcat version and detailed error stack trace, which is not secure.
Apache OpenMeetings 3.2.0 is vulnerable to parameter manipulation attacks, as a result attacker has access to restricted areas.
Apache OpenMeetings 1.0.0 is vulnerable to SQL injection. This allows authenticated users to modify the structure of the existing query and leak the structure of other queries being made by the application in the back-end.
Apache OpenMeetings 1.0.0 has an overly permissive crossdomain.xml file. This allows for flash content to be loaded from untrusted domains.
In Apache httpd 2.2.x before 2.2.33 and 2.4.x before 2.4.26, mod_mime can read one byte past the end of a buffer when sending a malicious Content-Type response header.
In Apache Spark before 2.2.0, it is possible for an attacker to take advantage of a user's trust in the server to trick them into visiting a link that points to a shared Spark cluster and submits data including MHTML to the Spark master, or history server. This data, which could contain a script, would then be reflected back to the user and could be evaluated and executed by MS Windows-based clients. It is not an attack on Spark itself, but on the user, who may then execute the script inadvertently when viewing elements of the Spark web UIs.
In environments that use external location for hive tables, Hive Authorizer in Apache Ranger before 0.7.1 should be checking RWX permission for create table.
Policy resource matcher in Apache Ranger before 0.7.1 ignores characters after '*' wildcard character - like my*test, test*.txt. This can result in unintended behavior.
The HTTP/2 implementation in Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.M21 and 8.5.0 to 8.5.15 bypassed a number of security checks that prevented directory traversal attacks. It was therefore possible to bypass security constraints using a specially crafted URL.
The CORS Filter in Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.M21, 8.5.0 to 8.5.15, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.44 and 7.0.41 to 7.0.78 did not add an HTTP Vary header indicating that the response varies depending on Origin. This permitted client and server side cache poisoning in some circumstances.
Apache OpenMeetings 1.0.0 uses not very strong cryptographic storage, captcha is not used in registration and forget password dialogs and auth forms missing brute force protection.
If an application allows enter an URL in a form field and built-in URLValidator is used, it is possible to prepare a special URL which will be used to overload server process when performing validation of the URL. Solution is to upgrade to Apache Struts version 2.5.12.
There is a DOS attack vulnerability in Apache Traffic Server (ATS) 5.2.0 to 5.3.2, 6.0.0 to 6.2.0, and 7.0.0 with the TLS handshake. This issue can cause the server to coredump.
The Traffic Router component of the incubating Apache Traffic Control project is vulnerable to a Slowloris style Denial of Service attack. TCP connections made on the configured DNS port will remain in the ESTABLISHED state until the client explicitly closes the connection or Traffic Router is restarted. If connections remain in the ESTABLISHED state indefinitely and accumulate in number to match the size of the thread pool dedicated to processing DNS requests, the thread pool becomes exhausted. Once the thread pool is exhausted, Traffic Router is unable to service any DNS request, regardless of transport protocol.
In Apache Hadoop 2.8.0, 3.0.0-alpha1, and 3.0.0-alpha2, the LinuxContainerExecutor runs docker commands as root with insufficient input validation. When the docker feature is enabled, authenticated users can run commands as root.
The HTTP strict parsing changes added in Apache httpd 2.2.32 and 2.4.24 introduced a bug in token list parsing, which allows ap_find_token() to search past the end of its input string. By maliciously crafting a sequence of request headers, an attacker may be able to cause a segmentation fault, or to force ap_find_token() to return an incorrect value.
Apache NiFi before 0.7.4 and 1.x before 1.3.0 need to establish the response header telling browsers to only allow framing with the same origin.
Apache OpenMeetings 1.0.0 is vulnerable to Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks, XSS attacks, click-jacking, and MIME based attacks.
In Apache NiFi before 0.7.4 and 1.x before 1.3.0, there are certain user input components in the UI which had been guarding for some forms of XSS issues but were insufficient.
Uploaded XML documents were not correctly validated in Apache OpenMeetings 3.1.0.
Both global and Room chat are vulnerable to XSS attack in Apache OpenMeetings 3.2.0.
Apache CXF Fediz ships with an OpenId Connect (OIDC) service which has a Client Registration Service, which is a simple web application that allows clients to be created, deleted, etc. A CSRF (Cross Style Request Forgery) style vulnerability has been found in this web application in Apache CXF Fediz prior to 1.4.0 and 1.3.2, meaning that a malicious web application could create new clients, or reset secrets, etc, after the admin user has logged on to the client registration service and the session is still active.
Apache CXF Fediz ships with a number of container-specific plugins to enable WS-Federation for applications. A CSRF (Cross Style Request Forgery) style vulnerability has been found in the Spring 2, Spring 3, Jetty 8 and Jetty 9 plugins in Apache CXF Fediz prior to 1.4.0, 1.3.2 and 1.2.4.
Apache Solr uses a PKI based mechanism to secure inter-node communication when security is enabled. It is possible to create a specially crafted node name that does not exist as part of the cluster and point it to a malicious node. This can trick the nodes in cluster to believe that the malicious node is a member of the cluster. So, if Solr users have enabled BasicAuth authentication mechanism using the BasicAuthPlugin or if the user has implemented a custom Authentication plugin, which does not implement either "HttpClientInterceptorPlugin" or "HttpClientBuilderPlugin", his/her servers are vulnerable to this attack. Users who only use SSL without basic authentication or those who use Kerberos are not affected.
A maliciously constructed HTTP/2 request could cause mod_http2 in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.24, 2.4.25 to dereference a NULL pointer and crash the server process.
In Eclipse Jetty Server, versions 9.2.x and older, 9.3.x (all non HTTP/1.x configurations), and 9.4.x (all HTTP/1.x configurations), when presented with two content-lengths headers, Jetty ignored the second. When presented with a content-length and a chunked encoding header, the content-length was ignored (as per RFC 2616). If an intermediary decided on the shorter length, but still passed on the longer body, then body content could be interpreted by Jetty as a pipelined request. If the intermediary was imposing authorization, the fake pipelined request would bypass that authorization.
In Eclipse Jetty, versions 9.2.x and older, 9.3.x (all configurations), and 9.4.x (non-default configuration with RFC2616 compliance enabled), transfer-encoding chunks are handled poorly. The chunk length parsing was vulnerable to an integer overflow. Thus a large chunk size could be interpreted as a smaller chunk size and content sent as chunk body could be interpreted as a pipelined request. If Jetty was deployed behind an intermediary that imposed some authorization and that intermediary allowed arbitrarily large chunks to be passed on unchanged, then this flaw could be used to bypass the authorization imposed by the intermediary as the fake pipelined request would not be interpreted by the intermediary as a request.
A vulnerability in the Ultra Automation Service (UAS) of the Cisco Ultra Services Framework could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to gain unauthorized access to a targeted device. The vulnerability is due to an insecure default configuration of the Apache ZooKeeper service used by the affected software. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by accessing the affected device through the orchestrator network. An exploit could allow the attacker to gain access to ZooKeeper data nodes (znodes) and influence the behavior of the system's high-availability feature. This vulnerability affects all releases of Cisco Ultra Services Framework UAS prior to Releases 5.0.3 and 5.1. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvd29395.
avahi-daemon in Avahi through 0.6.32 and 0.7 inadvertently responds to IPv6 unicast queries with source addresses that are not on-link, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (traffic amplification) and may cause information leakage by obtaining potentially sensitive  information from the responding device via port-5353 UDP packets.  NOTE: this may overlap CVE-2015-2809.
The "OpenID Connect Relying Party and OAuth 2.0 Resource Server" (aka mod_auth_openidc) module before 2.1.6 for the Apache HTTP Server does not skip OIDC_CLAIM_ and OIDCAuthNHeader headers in an "AuthType oauth20" configuration, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via crafted HTTP traffic.
The "OpenID Connect Relying Party and OAuth 2.0 Resource Server" (aka mod_auth_openidc) module before 2.1.5 for the Apache HTTP Server does not skip OIDC_CLAIM_ and OIDCAuthNHeader headers in an "OIDCUnAuthAction pass" configuration, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via crafted HTTP traffic.
Mod_auth_openidc.c in the Ping Identity OpenID Connect authentication module for Apache (aka mod_auth_openidc) before 2.14 allows remote attackers to spoof page content via a malicious URL provided to the user, which triggers an invalid request.
It was discovered that a programming error in the processing of HTTPS requests in the Apache Tomcat servlet and JSP engine may result in denial of service via an infinite loop. The denial of service is easily achievable as a consequence of backporting a CVE-2016-6816 fix but not backporting the fix for Tomcat bug 57544. Distributions affected by this backporting issue include Debian (before 7.0.56-3+deb8u8 and 8.0.14-1+deb8u7 in jessie) and Ubuntu.
The error page mechanism of the Java Servlet Specification requires that, when an error occurs and an error page is configured for the error that occurred, the original request and response are forwarded to the error page. This means that the request is presented to the error page with the original HTTP method. If the error page is a static file, expected behaviour is to serve content of the file as if processing a GET request, regardless of the actual HTTP method. The Default Servlet in Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.M20, 8.5.0 to 8.5.14, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.43 and 7.0.0 to 7.0.77 did not do this. Depending on the original request this could lead to unexpected and undesirable results for static error pages including, if the DefaultServlet is configured to permit writes, the replacement or removal of the custom error page. Notes for other user provided error pages: (1) Unless explicitly coded otherwise, JSPs ignore the HTTP method. JSPs used as error pages must must ensure that they handle any error dispatch as a GET request, regardless of the actual method. (2) By default, the response generated by a Servlet does depend on the HTTP method. Custom Servlets used as error pages must ensure that they handle any error dispatch as a GET request, regardless of the actual method.
In Apache Fineract 0.4.0-incubating, 0.5.0-incubating, and 0.6.0-incubating, an authenticated user with client/loan/center/staff/group read permissions is able to inject malicious SQL into SELECT queries. The 'sqlSearch' parameter on a number of endpoints is not sanitized and appended directly to the query.
In Apache Batik before 1.9, files lying on the filesystem of the server which uses batik can be revealed to arbitrary users who send maliciously formed SVG files. The file types that can be shown depend on the user context in which the exploitable application is running. If the user is root a full compromise of the server - including confidential or sensitive files - would be possible. XXE can also be used to attack the availability of the server via denial of service as the references within a xml document can trivially trigger an amplification attack.
In Apache FOP before 2.2, files lying on the filesystem of the server which uses FOP can be revealed to arbitrary users who send maliciously formed SVG files. The file types that can be shown depend on the user context in which the exploitable application is running. If the user is root a full compromise of the server - including confidential or sensitive files - would be possible. XXE can also be used to attack the availability of the server via denial of service as the references within a xml document can trivially trigger an amplification attack.
There is a vulnerability in Apache Traffic Server (ATS) 6.2.0 and prior and 7.0.0 and prior with the Host header and line folding. This can have issues when interacting with upstream proxies and the wrong host being used.
Apache Traffic Server before 6.2.1 generates a coredump when there is a mismatch between content length and chunked encoding.
The statistics generator in Apache Pony Mail 0.7 to 0.9 was found to be returning timestamp data without proper authorization checks. This could lead to derived information disclosure on private lists about the timing of specific email subjects or text bodies, though without disclosing the content itself. As this was primarily used as a caching feature for faster loading times, the caching was disabled by default to prevent this. Users using 0.9 should upgrade to 0.10 to address this issue.
Several REST service endpoints of Apache Archiva are not protected against Cross Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. A malicious site opened in the same browser as the archiva site, may send an HTML response that performs arbitrary actions on archiva services, with the same rights as the active archiva session (e.g. administrator rights).
Apache CXF's STSClient before 3.1.11 and 3.0.13 uses a flawed way of caching tokens that are associated with delegation tokens, which means that an attacker could craft a token which would return an identifer corresponding to a cached token for another user.
JAX-RS XML Security streaming clients in Apache CXF before 3.1.11 and 3.0.13 do not validate that the service response was signed or encrypted, which allows remote attackers to spoof servers.
During a routine security analysis, it was found that one of the ports in Apache Impala (incubating) 2.7.0 to 2.8.0 sent data in plaintext even when the cluster was configured to use TLS. The port in question was used by the StatestoreSubscriber class which did not use the appropriate secure Thrift transport when TLS was turned on. It was therefore possible for an adversary, with access to the network, to eavesdrop on the packets going to and coming from that port and view the data in plaintext.
In Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.M18 and 8.5.0 to 8.5.12, the refactoring of the HTTP connectors introduced a regression in the send file processing. If the send file processing completed quickly, it was possible for the Processor to be added to the processor cache twice. This could result in the same Processor being used for multiple requests which in turn could lead to unexpected errors and/or response mix-up.
In Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.M18 and 8.5.0 to 8.5.12, the handling of an HTTP/2 GOAWAY frame for a connection did not close streams associated with that connection that were currently waiting for a WINDOW_UPDATE before allowing the application to write more data. These waiting streams each consumed a thread. A malicious client could therefore construct a series of HTTP/2 requests that would consume all available processing threads.
Apache Geode before 1.1.1, when a cluster has enabled security by setting the security-manager property, allows remote authenticated users with CLUSTER:READ but not DATA:READ permission to access the data browser page in Pulse and consequently execute an OQL query that exposes data stored in the cluster.
While investigating bug 60718, it was noticed that some calls to application listeners in Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.M17, 8.5.0 to 8.5.11, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.41, and 7.0.0 to 7.0.75 did not use the appropriate facade object. When running an untrusted application under a SecurityManager, it was therefore possible for that untrusted application to retain a reference to the request or response object and thereby access and/or modify information associated with another web application.
A bug in the handling of the pipelined requests in Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.M18, 8.5.0 to 8.5.12, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.42, 7.0.0 to 7.0.76, and 6.0.0 to 6.0.52, when send file was used, results in the pipelined request being lost when send file processing of the previous request completed. This could result in responses appearing to be sent for the wrong request. For example, a user agent that sent requests A, B and C could see the correct response for request A, the response for request C for request B and no response for request C.
For versions of Apache Knox from 0.2.0 to 0.11.0 - an authenticated user may use a specially crafted URL to impersonate another user while accessing WebHDFS through Apache Knox. This may result in escalated privileges and unauthorized data access. While this activity is audit logged and can be easily associated with the authenticated user, this is still a serious security issue. All users are recommended to upgrade to the Apache Knox 0.12.0 release.
In Apache Log4j 2.x before 2.8.2, when using the TCP socket server or UDP socket server to receive serialized log events from another application, a specially crafted binary payload can be sent that, when deserialized, can execute arbitrary code.
Apache POI in versions prior to release 3.15 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a specially crafted OOXML file, aka an XML Entity Expansion (XEE) attack.
Apache Camel's Validation Component is vulnerable against SSRF via remote DTDs and XXE.
Previous versions of Apache Flex BlazeDS (4.7.2 and earlier) did not restrict which types were allowed for AMF(X) object deserialization by default. During the deserialization process code is executed that for several known types has undesired side-effects. Other, unknown types may also exhibit such behaviors. One vector in the Java standard library exists that allows an attacker to trigger possibly further exploitable Java deserialization of untrusted data. Other known vectors in third party libraries can be used to trigger remote code execution.
It was noticed that a malicious process impersonating an Impala daemon in Apache Impala (incubating) 2.7.0 to 2.8.0 could cause Impala daemons to skip authentication checks when Kerberos is enabled (but TLS is not). If the malicious server responds with 'COMPLETE' before the SASL handshake has completed, the client will consider the handshake as completed even though no exchange of credentials has happened.
The Jakarta Multipart parser in Apache Struts 2 2.3.x before 2.3.32 and 2.5.x before 2.5.10.1 has incorrect exception handling and error-message generation during file-upload attempts, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted Content-Type, Content-Disposition, or Content-Length HTTP header, as exploited in the wild in March 2017 with a Content-Type header containing a #cmd= string.
Two four letter word commands "wchp/wchc" are CPU intensive and could cause spike of CPU utilization on Apache ZooKeeper server if abused, which leads to the server unable to serve legitimate client requests. Apache ZooKeeper thru version 3.4.9 and 3.5.2 suffer from this issue, fixed in 3.4.10, 3.5.3, and later.
In Apache NiFi before 0.7.2 and 1.x before 1.1.2 in a cluster environment, the proxy chain serialization/deserialization is vulnerable to an injection attack where a carefully crafted username could impersonate another user and gain their permissions on a replicated request to another node.
In Apache NiFi before 0.7.2 and 1.x before 1.1.2 in a cluster environment, if an anonymous user request is replicated to another node, the originating node identity is used rather than the "anonymous" user.
OpenText Documentum D2 (formerly EMC Documentum D2) 4.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the BeanShell (bsh) and Apache Commons Collections (ACC) libraries.
An issue was discovered in Hanwha Techwin Smart Security Manager Versions 1.5 and prior. Multiple Cross Site Request Forgery vulnerabilities have been identified. The flaws exist within the Redis and Apache Felix Gogo servers that are installed as part of this product. By issuing specific HTTP Post requests, an attacker can gain system level access to a remote shell session. Smart Security Manager Versions 1.5 and prior are affected by these vulnerabilities. These vulnerabilities can allow for remote code execution.
Vulnerability in the Primavera P6 Enterprise Project Portfolio Management component of Oracle Primavera Products Suite (subcomponent: Web Access (Apache Commons BeanUtils)). Supported versions that are affected are 8.3, 8.4, 15.1, 15.2, 16.1 and 16.2. Easily "exploitable" vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Primavera P6 Enterprise Project Portfolio Management. While the vulnerability is in Primavera P6 Enterprise Project Portfolio Management, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in takeover of Primavera P6 Enterprise Project Portfolio Management. CVSS 3.0 Base Score 9.9 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H).
In Apache httpd 2.2.x before 2.2.33 and 2.4.x before 2.4.26, mod_ssl may dereference a NULL pointer when third-party modules call ap_hook_process_connection() during an HTTP request to an HTTPS port.
In Apache httpd 2.2.x before 2.2.33 and 2.4.x before 2.4.26, use of the ap_get_basic_auth_pw() by third-party modules outside of the authentication phase may lead to authentication requirements being bypassed.
In Apache Hadoop versions 2.6.1 to 2.6.5, 2.7.0 to 2.7.3, and 3.0.0-alpha1, if a file in an encryption zone with access permissions that make it world readable is localized via YARN's localization mechanism, that file will be stored in a world-readable location and can be shared freely with any application that requests to localize that file.
In Apache Brooklyn before 0.10.0, the REST server is vulnerable to cross-site scripting where one authenticated user can cause scripts to run in the browser of another user authorized to access the first user's resources. This is due to improper escaping of server-side content. There is known to be a proof-of-concept exploit using this vulnerability.
Server Side Request Forgery in Apache Solr, versions 1.3 until 7.6 (inclusive). Since the "shards" parameter does not have a corresponding whitelist mechanism, a remote attacker with access to the server could make Solr perform an HTTP GET request to any reachable URL.
When using the Index Replication feature, Apache Solr nodes can pull index files from a master/leader node using an HTTP API which accepts a file name. However, Solr before 5.5.4 and 6.x before 6.4.1 did not validate the file name, hence it was possible to craft a special request involving path traversal, leaving any file readable to the Solr server process exposed. Solr servers protected and restricted by firewall rules and/or authentication would not be at risk since only trusted clients and users would gain direct HTTP access.
HDFS clients interact with a servlet on the DataNode to browse the HDFS namespace. The NameNode is provided as a query parameter that is not validated in Apache Hadoop before 2.7.0.
The HDFS web UI in Apache Hadoop before 2.7.0 is vulnerable to a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack through an unescaped query parameter.
Apache Camel's camel-snakeyaml component is vulnerable to Java object de-serialization vulnerability. De-serializing untrusted data can lead to security flaws.
By exploiting the way Apache OpenOffice before 4.1.4 renders embedded objects, an attacker could craft a document that allows reading in a file from the user's filesystem. Information could be retrieved by the attacker by, e.g., using hidden sections to store the information, tricking the user into saving the document and convincing the user to send the document back to the attacker. The vulnerability is mitigated by the need for the attacker to know the precise file path in the target system, and the need to trick the user into saving the document and sending it back.
The OAuth2 Hawk and JOSE MAC Validation code in Apache CXF prior to 3.0.13 and 3.1.x prior to 3.1.10 is not using a constant time MAC signature comparison algorithm which may be exploited by sophisticated timing attacks.
Apache Atlas versions 0.6.0-incubating and 0.7.0-incubating were found vulnerable to cross frame scripting.
Error responses from Apache Atlas versions 0.6.0-incubating and 0.7.0-incubating included stack trace, exposing excessive information.
Apache Atlas versions 0.6.0-incubating and 0.7.0-incubating were found vulnerable to Reflected XSS in the search functionality.
Apache Atlas versions 0.6.0-incubating and 0.7.0-incubating were found vulnerable to DOM XSS in the edit-tag functionality.
Apache Atlas versions 0.6.0-incubating and 0.7.0-incubating were found vulnerable to Stored Cross-Site Scripting in the edit-tag functionality.
Apache Atlas versions 0.6.0-incubating and 0.7.0-incubating use cookies that could be accessible to client-side script.
Adobe ColdFusion 2016 Update 3 and earlier, ColdFusion 11 update 11 and earlier, ColdFusion 10 Update 22 and earlier have a Java deserialization vulnerability in the Apache BlazeDS library. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
Versions of the puppetlabs-apache module prior to 1.11.1 and 2.1.0 make it very easy to accidentally misconfigure TLS trust. If you specify the `ssl_ca` parameter but do not specify the `ssl_certs_dir` parameter, a default will be provided for the `ssl_certs_dir` that will trust certificates from any of the system-trusted certificate authorities. This did not affect FreeBSD.
In cPanel before 66.0.2, Apache HTTP Server SSL domain logs can persist on disk after an account termination (SEC-291).
In cPanel before 66.0.2, Apache HTTP Server domlogs become temporarily world-readable during log processing (SEC-290).
In cPanel before 66.0.2, the Apache HTTP Server configuration file is changed to world-readable when rebuilt (SEC-274).
cPanel before 67.9999.103 allows Apache HTTP Server log files to become world-readable because of mishandling on an account rename (SEC-296).
The Apache DeltaSpike-JSF 1.8.0 module has a XSS injection leak in the windowId handling. The default size of the windowId get's cut off after 10 characters (by default), so the impact might be limited. A fix got applied and released in Apache deltaspike-1.8.1.
In Apache Airflow 1.8.2 and earlier, an experimental Airflow feature displayed authenticated cookies, as well as passwords to databases used by Airflow. An attacker who has limited access to airflow, whether it be via XSS or by leaving a machine unlocked can exfiltrate all credentials from the system.
In Apache Airflow 1.8.2 and earlier, a CSRF vulnerability allowed for a remote command injection on a default install of Airflow.
vBulletin through 5.3.x on Windows allows remote PHP code execution because a require_once call is reachable with an unauthenticated request that can include directory traversal sequences to specify an arbitrary pathname, and because ../ traversal is blocked but ..\ traversal is not blocked. For example, an attacker can make an invalid HTTP request containing PHP code, and then make an index.php?routestring= request with enough instances of ".." to reach an Apache HTTP Server log file.
In Apache Airflow 1.8.2 and earlier, an authenticated user can execute code remotely on the Airflow webserver by creating a special object.
The YARN NodeManager in Apache Hadoop 2.7.3 and 2.7.4 can leak the password for credential store provider used by the NodeManager to YARN Applications.
A flaw in the way URLs are escaped and encoded in the org.apache.sling.xss.impl.XSSAPIImpl#getValidHref and org.apache.sling.xss.impl.XSSFilterImpl#isValidHref allows special crafted URLs to pass as valid, although they carry XSS payloads. The affected versions are Apache Sling XSS Protection API 1.0.4 to 1.0.18, Apache Sling XSS Protection API Compat 1.1.0 and Apache Sling XSS Protection API 2.0.0.
In Apache httpd 2.4.0 to 2.4.29, the expression specified in &lt;FilesMatch&gt; could match '$' to a newline character in a malicious filename, rather than matching only the end of the filename. This could be exploited in environments where uploads of some files are are externally blocked, but only by matching the trailing portion of the filename.
The BIRT plugin in Apache OFBiz 16.11.01 to 16.11.03 does not escape user input property passed. This allows for code injection by passing that code through the URL. For example by appending this code "__format=%27;alert(%27xss%27)" to the URL an alert window would execute.
Vulnerability in Apache Hadoop 0.23.x, 2.x before 2.7.5, 2.8.x before 2.8.3, and 3.0.0-alpha through 3.0.0-beta1 allows a cluster user to expose private files owned by the user running the MapReduce job history server process. The malicious user can construct a configuration file containing XML directives that reference sensitive files on the MapReduce job history server host.
Vulnerability allows a user of Apache Oozie 3.1.3-incubating to 4.3.0 and 5.0.0-beta1 to expose private files on the Oozie server process. The malicious user can construct a workflow XML file containing XML directives and configuration that reference sensitive files on the Oozie server host.
In Apache httpd 2.0.23 to 2.0.65, 2.2.0 to 2.2.34, and 2.4.0 to 2.4.29, mod_authnz_ldap, if configured with AuthLDAPCharsetConfig, uses the Accept-Language header value to lookup the right charset encoding when verifying the user's credentials. If the header value is not present in the charset conversion table, a fallback mechanism is used to truncate it to a two characters value to allow a quick retry (for example, 'en-US' is truncated to 'en'). A header value of less than two characters forces an out of bound write of one NUL byte to a memory location that is not part of the string. In the worst case, quite unlikely, the process would crash which could be used as a Denial of Service attack. In the more likely case, this memory is already reserved for future use and the issue has no effect at all.
When using the OpenWire protocol in ActiveMQ versions 5.14.0 to 5.15.2 it was found that certain system details (such as the OS and kernel version) are exposed as plain text.
In Apache Synapse, by default no authentication is required for Java Remote Method Invocation (RMI). So Apache Synapse 3.0.1 or all previous releases (3.0.0, 2.1.0, 2.0.0, 1.2, 1.1.2, 1.1.1) allows remote code execution attacks that can be performed by injecting specially crafted serialized objects. And the presence of Apache Commons Collections 3.2.1 (commons-collections-3.2.1.jar) or previous versions in Synapse distribution makes this exploitable. To mitigate the issue, we need to limit RMI access to trusted users only. Further upgrading to 3.0.1 version will eliminate the risk of having said Commons Collection version. In Synapse 3.0.1, Commons Collection has been updated to 3.2.2 version.
In Apache Struts 2.5 to 2.5.14, the REST Plugin is using an outdated JSON-lib library which is vulnerable and allow perform a DoS attack using malicious request with specially crafted JSON payload.
As part of the fix for bug 61201, the documentation for Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M22 to 9.0.1, 8.5.16 to 8.5.23, 8.0.45 to 8.0.47 and 7.0.79 to 7.0.82 included an updated description of the search algorithm used by the CGI Servlet to identify which script to execute. The update was not correct. As a result, some scripts may have failed to execute as expected and other scripts may have been executed unexpectedly. Note that the behaviour of the CGI servlet has remained unchanged in this regard. It is only the documentation of the behaviour that was wrong and has been corrected.
A denial of service vulnerability was identified that exists in Apache SpamAssassin before 3.4.2. The vulnerability arises with certain unclosed tags in emails that cause markup to be handled incorrectly leading to scan timeouts. In Apache SpamAssassin, using HTML::Parser, we setup an object and hook into the begin and end tag event handlers In both cases, the "open" event is immediately followed by a "close" event - even if the tag *does not* close in the HTML being parsed. Because of this, we are missing the "text" event to deal with the object normally. This can cause carefully crafted emails that might take more scan time than expected leading to a Denial of Service. The issue is possibly a bug or design decision in HTML::Parser that specifically impacts the way Apache SpamAssassin uses the module with poorly formed html. The exploit has been seen in the wild but not believed to have been purposefully part of a Denial of Service attempt. We are concerned that there may be attempts to abuse the vulnerability in the future.
Any authenticated user (valid client certificate but without ACL permissions) could upload a template which contained malicious code and caused a denial of service via Java deserialization attack. The fix to properly handle Java deserialization was applied on the Apache NiFi 1.4.0 release. Users running a prior 1.x release should upgrade to the appropriate release.
In Apache Qpid Broker-J 0.18 through 0.32, if the broker is configured with different authentication providers on different ports one of which is an HTTP port, then the broker can be tricked by a remote unauthenticated attacker connecting to the HTTP port into using an authentication provider that was configured on a different port. The attacker still needs valid credentials with the authentication provider on the spoofed port. This becomes an issue when the spoofed port has weaker authentication protection (e.g., anonymous access, default accounts) and is normally protected by firewall rules or similar which can be circumvented by this vulnerability. AMQP ports are not affected. Versions 6.0.0 and newer are not affected.
In Apache Qpid Broker-J versions 6.1.0 through 6.1.4 (inclusive) the broker does not properly enforce a maximum frame size in AMQP 1.0 frames. A remote unauthenticated attacker could exploit this to cause the broker to exhaust all available memory and eventually terminate. Older AMQP protocols are not affected.
A flaw in the org.apache.sling.auth.core.AuthUtil#isRedirectValid method in Apache Sling Authentication Service 1.4.0 allows an attacker, through the Sling login form, to trick a victim to send over their credentials.
A Denial of Service vulnerability was found in Apache Qpid Dispatch Router versions 0.7.0 and 0.8.0. To exploit this vulnerability, a remote user must be able to establish an AMQP connection to the Qpid Dispatch Router and send a specifically crafted AMQP frame which will cause it to segfault and shut down.
When parsing the AIA-Extension field of a client certificate, Apache Tomcat Native Connector 1.2.0 to 1.2.14 and 1.1.23 to 1.1.34 did not correctly handle fields longer than 127 bytes. The result of the parsing error was to skip the OCSP check. It was therefore possible for client certificates that should have been rejected (if the OCSP check had been made) to be accepted. Users not using OCSP checks are not affected by this vulnerability.
A malicious X-ProxyContextPath or X-Forwarded-Context header containing external resources or embedded code could cause remote code execution. The fix to properly handle these headers was applied on the Apache NiFi 1.5.0 release. Users running a prior 1.x release should upgrade to the appropriate release.
When an Apache Geode cluster before v1.4.0 is operating in secure mode, the Geode configuration service does not properly authorize configuration requests. This allows an unprivileged user who gains access to the Geode locator to extract configuration data and previously deployed application code.
When an Apache Geode server versions 1.0.0 to 1.4.0 is configured with a security manager, a user with DATA:WRITE privileges is allowed to deploy code by invoking an internal Geode function. This allows remote code execution. Code deployment should be restricted to users with DATA:MANAGE privilege.
When an Apache Geode server versions 1.0.0 to 1.8.0 is operating in secure mode, a user with write permissions for specific data regions can modify internal cluster metadata. A malicious user could modify this data in a way that affects the operation of the cluster.
In Apache Geode before v1.4.0, the Geode server stores application objects in serialized form. Certain cluster operations and API invocations cause these objects to be deserialized. A user with DATA:WRITE access to the cluster may be able to cause remote code execution if certain classes are present on the classpath.
In Apache Geode before v1.4.0, the TcpServer within the Geode locator opens a network port that deserializes data. If an unprivileged user gains access to the Geode locator, they may be able to cause remote code execution if certain classes are present on the classpath.
In Apache uimaj prior to 2.10.2, Apache uimaj 3.0.0-xxx prior to 3.0.0-beta, Apache uima-as prior to 2.10.2, Apache uimaFIT prior to 2.4.0, Apache uimaDUCC prior to 2.2.2, this vulnerability relates to an XML external entity expansion (XXE) capability of various XML parsers. UIMA as part of its configuration and operation may read XML from various sources, which could be tainted in ways to cause inadvertent disclosure of local files or other internal content.
EMC RSA Authentication Agent for Web: Apache Web Server version 8.0 and RSA Authentication Agent for Web: Apache Web Server version 8.0.1 prior to Build 618 have a security vulnerability that could potentially lead to authentication bypass.
An information leakage vulnerability in ArcSight ESM and ArcSight ESM Express, any 6.x version prior to 6.9.1c Patch 4 or 6.11.0 Patch 1, allows disclosure of Apache Tomcat application server version.
CouchDB administrative users can configure the database server via HTTP(S). Some of the configuration options include paths for operating system-level binaries that are subsequently launched by CouchDB. This allows an admin user in Apache CouchDB before 1.7.0 and 2.x before 2.1.1 to execute arbitrary shell commands as the CouchDB user, including downloading and executing scripts from the public internet.
Due to differences in the Erlang-based JSON parser and JavaScript-based JSON parser, it is possible in Apache CouchDB before 1.7.0 and 2.x before 2.1.1 to submit _users documents with duplicate keys for 'roles' used for access control within the database, including the special case '_admin' role, that denotes administrative users. In combination with CVE-2017-12636 (Remote Code Execution), this can be used to give non-admin users access to arbitrary shell commands on the server as the database system user. The JSON parser differences result in behaviour that if two 'roles' keys are available in the JSON, the second one will be used for authorising the document write, but the first 'roles' key is used for subsequent authorization for the newly created user. By design, users can not assign themselves roles. The vulnerability allows non-admin users to give themselves admin privileges.
The camel-castor component in Apache Camel 2.x before 2.19.4 and 2.20.x before 2.20.1 is vulnerable to Java object de-serialisation vulnerability. De-serializing untrusted data can lead to security flaws.
The camel-hessian component in Apache Camel 2.x before 2.19.4 and 2.20.x before 2.20.1 is vulnerable to Java object de-serialisation vulnerability. De-serializing untrusted data can lead to security flaws.
A malicious host header in an incoming HTTP request could cause NiFi to load resources from an external server. The fix to sanitize host headers and compare to a controlled whitelist was applied on the Apache NiFi 1.5.0 release. Users running a prior 1.x release should upgrade to the appropriate release.
Apache CXF Fediz ships with a number of container-specific plugins to enable WS-Federation for applications. A CSRF (Cross Style Request Forgery) style vulnerability has been found in the Spring 2, Spring 3 and Spring 4 plugins in versions before 1.4.3 and 1.3.3. The vulnerability can result in a security context that is set up using a malicious client's roles for the given enduser.
In Apache Drill 1.11.0 and earlier when submitting form from Query page users are able to pass arbitrary script or HTML which will take effect on Profile page afterwards. Example: after submitting special script that returns cookie information from Query page, malicious user may obtain this information from Profile page afterwards.
Remote code execution occurs in Apache Solr before 7.1 with Apache Lucene before 7.1 by exploiting XXE in conjunction with use of a Config API add-listener command to reach the RunExecutableListener class. Elasticsearch, although it uses Lucene, is NOT vulnerable to this. Note that the XML external entity expansion vulnerability occurs in the XML Query Parser which is available, by default, for any query request with parameters deftype=xmlparser and can be exploited to upload malicious data to the /upload request handler or as Blind XXE using ftp wrapper in order to read arbitrary local files from the Solr server. Note also that the second vulnerability relates to remote code execution using the RunExecutableListener available on all affected versions of Solr.
The JMX server embedded in Apache James, also used by the command line client is exposed to a java de-serialization issue, and thus can be used to execute arbitrary commands. As James exposes JMX socket by default only on local-host, this vulnerability can only be used for privilege escalation. Release 3.0.1 upgrades the incriminated library.
In Apache Xerces-C XML Parser library before 3.2.1, processing of external DTD paths can result in a null pointer dereference under certain conditions.
Apache POI in versions prior to release 3.17 are vulnerable to Denial of Service Attacks: 1) Infinite Loops while parsing crafted WMF, EMF, MSG and macros (POI bugs 61338 and 61294), and 2) Out of Memory Exceptions while parsing crafted DOC, PPT and XLS (POI bugs 52372 and 61295).
Apache Hive 2.1.x before 2.1.2, 2.2.x before 2.2.1, and 2.3.x before 2.3.1 expose an interface through which masking policies can be defined on tables or views, e.g., using Apache Ranger. When a view is created over a given table, the policy enforcement does not happen correctly on the table for masked columns.
Apache CXF supports sending and receiving attachments via either the JAX-WS or JAX-RS specifications. It is possible to craft a message attachment header that could lead to a Denial of Service (DoS) attack on a CXF web service provider. Both JAX-WS and JAX-RS services are vulnerable to this attack. From Apache CXF 3.2.1 and 3.1.14, message attachment headers that are greater than 300 characters will be rejected by default. This value is configurable via the property "attachment-max-header-size".
An authorized user could upload a template which contained malicious code and accessed sensitive files via an XML External Entity (XXE) attack. The fix to properly handle XML External Entities was applied on the Apache NiFi 1.4.0 release. Users running a prior 1.x release should upgrade to the appropriate release.
When an Apache Geode cluster before v1.3.0 is operating in secure mode and an authenticated user connects to a Geode cluster using the gfsh tool with HTTP, the user is able to obtain status information and control cluster members even without CLUSTER:MANAGE privileges.
During Jelly (xml) file parsing with Apache Xerces, if a custom doctype entity is declared with a "SYSTEM" entity with a URL and that entity is used in the body of the Jelly file, during parser instantiation the parser will attempt to connect to said URL. This could lead to XML External Entity (XXE) attacks in Apache Commons Jelly before 1.0.1.
When loading models or dictionaries that contain XML it is possible to perform an XXE attack, since Apache OpenNLP is a library, this only affects applications that load models or dictionaries from untrusted sources. The versions 1.5.0 to 1.5.3, 1.6.0, 1.7.0 to 1.7.2, 1.8.0 to 1.8.1 of Apache OpenNLP are affected.
Apache Zeppelin prior to 0.7.3 was vulnerable to session fixation which allowed an attacker to hijack a valid user session. Issue was reported by "stone lone".
Apache Portable Runtime Utility (APR-util) 1.6.0 and prior fail to validate the integrity of SDBM database files used by apr_sdbm*() functions, resulting in a possible out of bound read access. A local user with write access to the database can make a program or process using these functions crash, and cause a denial of service.
When running Apache Tomcat versions 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0, 8.5.0 to 8.5.22, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.46 and 7.0.0 to 7.0.81 with HTTP PUTs enabled (e.g. via setting the readonly initialisation parameter of the Default servlet to false) it was possible to upload a JSP file to the server via a specially crafted request. This JSP could then be requested and any code it contained would be executed by the server.
When using a VirtualDirContext with Apache Tomcat 7.0.0 to 7.0.80 it was possible to bypass security constraints and/or view the source code of JSPs for resources served by the VirtualDirContext using a specially crafted request.
When running Apache Tomcat 7.0.0 to 7.0.79 on Windows with HTTP PUTs enabled (e.g. via setting the readonly initialisation parameter of the Default to false) it was possible to upload a JSP file to the server via a specially crafted request. This JSP could then be requested and any code it contained would be executed by the server.
It was noticed an XSS in certain 404 pages that could be exploited to perform an XSS attack. Chrome will detect this as a reflected XSS attempt and prevent the page from loading. Firefox and other browsers don't, and are vulnerable to this attack. Mitigation: The fix for this is to upgrade to Apache Airflow 1.9.0 or above.
When apr_time_exp*() or apr_os_exp_time*() functions are invoked with an invalid month field value in Apache Portable Runtime APR 1.6.2 and prior, out of bounds memory may be accessed in converting this value to an apr_time_exp_t value, potentially revealing the contents of a different static heap value or resulting in program termination, and may represent an information disclosure or denial of service vulnerability to applications which call these APR functions with unvalidated external input.
In Apache Spark 1.6.0 until 2.1.1, the launcher API performs unsafe deserialization of data received by its socket. This makes applications launched programmatically using the launcher API potentially vulnerable to arbitrary code execution by an attacker with access to any user account on the local machine. It does not affect apps run by spark-submit or spark-shell. The attacker would be able to execute code as the user that ran the Spark application. Users are encouraged to update to version 2.2.0 or later.
In Apache Struts 2.0.0 through 2.3.33 and 2.5 through 2.5.10.1, using an unintentional expression in a Freemarker tag instead of string literals can lead to a RCE attack.
In Apache Kafka 0.10.0.0 to 0.10.2.1 and 0.11.0.0 to 0.11.0.1, authenticated Kafka clients may use impersonation via a manually crafted protocol message with SASL/PLAIN or SASL/SCRAM authentication when using the built-in PLAIN or SCRAM server implementations in Apache Kafka.
A vulnerability in Apache OpenOffice Writer DOC file parser before 4.1.4, and specifically in ImportOldFormatStyles, allows attackers to craft malicious documents that cause denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) potentially resulting in arbitrary code execution.
MEDHOST Document Management System contains hard-coded credentials that are used for Apache Solr access. An attacker with knowledge of the hard-coded credentials and the ability to communicate directly with Apache Solr may be able to obtain or modify sensitive patient and financial information. The Apache Solr account name is dms. The password is hard-coded throughout the application, and is the same across all installations. Customers do not have the option to change passwords. The dms account for Apache Solr has access to all indexed patient documents.
An issue was discovered in Adobe Experience Manager 6.3, 6.2, 6.1, 6.0. A cross-site scripting vulnerability in Apache Sling Servlets Post 2.3.20 has been resolved in Adobe Experience Manager.
All versions prior to V5.09.02.02T4 of the ZTE ZXIPTV-EPG product use the Java RMI service in which the servers use the Apache Commons Collections (ACC) library that may result in Java deserialization vulnerabilities. An unauthenticated remote attacker can exploit the vulnerabilities by sending a crafted RMI request to execute arbitrary code on the target host.
All versions prior to V12.17.20 of the ZTE Microwave NR8000 series products - NR8120, NR8120A, NR8120, NR8150, NR8250, NR8000 TR and NR8950 are the applications of C/S architecture using the Java RMI service in which the servers use the Apache Commons Collections (ACC) library that may result in Java deserialization vulnerabilities. An unauthenticated remote attacker can exploit the vulnerabilities by sending a crafted RMI request to execute arbitrary code on the target host.
British Columbia Institute of Technology CodeIgniter 3.1.3 is vulnerable to HTTP Header Injection in the set_status_header() common function under Apache resulting in HTTP Header Injection flaws.
October CMS build 412 is vulnerable to Apache configuration modification via file upload functionality resulting in site compromise and possibly other applications on the server.
An issue was discovered in Pivotal Spring Security before 3.2.10, 4.1.x before 4.1.4, and 4.2.x before 4.2.1. Spring Security does not consider URL path parameters when processing security constraints. By adding a URL path parameter with an encoded "/" to a request, an attacker may be able to bypass a security constraint. The root cause of this issue is a lack of clarity regarding the handling of path parameters in the Servlet Specification. Some Servlet containers include path parameters in the value returned for getPathInfo() and some do not. Spring Security uses the value returned by getPathInfo() as part of the process of mapping requests to security constraints. The unexpected presence of path parameters can cause a constraint to be bypassed. Users of Apache Tomcat (all current versions) are not affected by this vulnerability since Tomcat follows the guidance previously provided by the Servlet Expert group and strips path parameters from the value returned by getContextPath(), getServletPath(), and getPathInfo(). Users of other Servlet containers based on Apache Tomcat may or may not be affected depending on whether or not the handling of path parameters has been modified. Users of IBM WebSphere Application Server 8.5.x are known to be affected. Users of other containers that implement the Servlet specification may be affected.
Apache Atlas versions 0.6.0 (incubating), 0.7.0 (incubating), and 0.7.1 (incubating) allow access to the webapp directory contents by pointing to URIs like /js and /img.
Apache Ranger before 0.6.3 is vulnerable to a Stored Cross-Site Scripting in when entering custom policy conditions. Admin users can store some arbitrary javascript code to be executed when normal users login and access policies.
Apache Karaf prior to 4.0.8 used the LDAPLoginModule to authenticate users to a directory via LDAP. However, it did not encoding usernames properly and hence was vulnerable to LDAP injection attacks leading to a denial of service.
Apache Camel's Jackson and JacksonXML unmarshalling operation are vulnerable to Remote Code Execution attacks.
In Apache NiFi before 1.0.1 and 1.1.x before 1.1.1, there is a cross-site scripting vulnerability in connection details dialog when accessed by an authorized user. The user supplied text was not being properly handled when added to the DOM.
An information disclosure issue was discovered in Apache Tomcat 8.5.7 to 8.5.9 and 9.0.0.M11 to 9.0.0.M15 in reverse-proxy configurations. Http11InputBuffer.java allows remote attackers to read data that was intended to be associated with a different request.
Apache Ranger before 0.6.3 policy engine incorrectly matches paths in certain conditions when policy does not contain wildcards and has recursion flag set to true.
A bug in the error handling of the send file code for the NIO HTTP connector in Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.M13, 8.5.0 to 8.5.8, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.39, 7.0.0 to 7.0.73 and 6.0.16 to 6.0.48 resulted in the current Processor object being added to the Processor cache multiple times. This in turn meant that the same Processor could be used for concurrent requests. Sharing a Processor can result in information leakage between requests including, not not limited to, session ID and the response body. The bug was first noticed in 8.5.x onwards where it appears the refactoring of the Connector code for 8.5.x onwards made it more likely that the bug was observed. Initially it was thought that the 8.5.x refactoring introduced the bug but further investigation has shown that the bug is present in all currently supported Tomcat versions.
Apache Brooklyn uses the SnakeYAML library for parsing YAML inputs. SnakeYAML allows the use of YAML tags to indicate that SnakeYAML should unmarshal data to a Java type. In the default configuration in Brooklyn before 0.10.0, SnakeYAML will allow unmarshalling to any Java type available on the classpath. This could provide an authenticated user with a means to cause the JVM running Brooklyn to load and run Java code without detection by Brooklyn. Such code would have the privileges of the Java process running Brooklyn, including the ability to open files and network connections, and execute system commands. There is known to be a proof-of-concept exploit using this vulnerability.
Apache HTTP Server, in all releases prior to 2.2.32 and 2.4.25, was liberal in the whitespace accepted from requests and sent in response lines and headers. Accepting these different behaviors represented a security concern when httpd participates in any chain of proxies or interacts with back-end application servers, either through mod_proxy or using conventional CGI mechanisms, and may result in request smuggling, response splitting and cache pollution.
The Windows installer that the Apache CouchDB team provides was vulnerable to local privilege escalation. All files in the install inherit the file permissions of the parent directory and therefore a non-privileged user can substitute any executable for the nssm.exe service launcher, or CouchDB batch or binary files. A subsequent service or server restart will then run that binary with administrator privilege. This issue affected CouchDB 2.0.0 (Windows platform only) and was addressed in CouchDB 2.0.0.1.
The Apache Qpid Broker for Java can be configured to use different so called AuthenticationProviders to handle user authentication. Among the choices are the SCRAM-SHA-1 and SCRAM-SHA-256 AuthenticationProvider types. It was discovered that these AuthenticationProviders in Apache Qpid Broker for Java 6.0.x before 6.0.6 and 6.1.x before 6.1.1 prematurely terminate the SCRAM SASL negotiation if the provided user name does not exist thus allowing remote attacker to determine the existence of user accounts. The Vulnerability does not apply to AuthenticationProviders other than SCRAM-SHA-1 and SCRAM-SHA-256.
The mod_http2 module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.4.17 through 2.4.23, when the Protocols configuration includes h2 or h2c, does not restrict request-header length, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via crafted CONTINUATION frames in an HTTP/2 request.
The JAX-RS module in Apache CXF prior to 3.0.12 and 3.1.x prior to 3.1.9 provides a number of Atom JAX-RS MessageBodyReaders. These readers use Apache Abdera Parser which expands XML entities by default which represents a major XXE risk.
In Apache Struts 2.5 through 2.5.5, if an application allows entering a URL in a form field and the built-in URLValidator is used, it is possible to prepare a special URL which will be used to overload server process when performing validation of the URL.
In Apache Brooklyn before 0.10.0, the REST server is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery (CSRF), which could permit a malicious web site to produce a link which, if clicked whilst a user is logged in to Brooklyn, would cause the server to execute the attacker's commands as the user. There is known to be a proof-of-concept exploit using this vulnerability.
Apache OpenMeetings before 3.1.2 is vulnerable to Remote Code Execution via RMI deserialization attack.
Remote code execution is possible with Apache Tomcat before 6.0.48, 7.x before 7.0.73, 8.x before 8.0.39, 8.5.x before 8.5.7, and 9.x before 9.0.0.M12 if JmxRemoteLifecycleListener is used and an attacker can reach JMX ports. The issue exists because this listener wasn't updated for consistency with the CVE-2016-3427 Oracle patch that affected credential types.
Apache Subversion's mod_dontdothat module and HTTP clients 1.4.0 through 1.8.16, and 1.9.0 through 1.9.4 are vulnerable to a denial-of-service attack caused by exponential XML entity expansion. The attack can cause the targeted process to consume an excessive amount of CPU resources or memory.
Apache HTTP Server mod_cluster before version httpd 2.4.23 is vulnerable to an Improper Input Validation in the protocol parsing logic in the load balancer resulting in a Segmentation Fault in the serving httpd process.
The HTTP/2 header parser in Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.M11 and 8.5.0 to 8.5.6 entered an infinite loop if a header was received that was larger than the available buffer. This made a denial of service attack possible.
The code in Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.M11, 8.5.0 to 8.5.6, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.38, 7.0.0 to 7.0.72, and 6.0.0 to 6.0.47 that parsed the HTTP request line permitted invalid characters. This could be exploited, in conjunction with a proxy that also permitted the invalid characters but with a different interpretation, to inject data into the HTTP response. By manipulating the HTTP response the attacker could poison a web-cache, perform an XSS attack and/or obtain sensitive information from requests other then their own.
In Apache Ranger before 0.6.2, users with "keyadmin" role should not be allowed to change password for users with "admin" role.
When an application with unsupported Codehaus versions of Groovy from 1.7.0 to 2.4.3, Apache Groovy 2.4.4 to 2.4.7 on classpath uses standard Java serialization mechanisms, e.g. to communicate between servers or to store local data, it was possible for an attacker to bake a special serialized object that will execute code directly when deserialized. All applications which rely on serialization and do not isolate the code which deserializes objects were subject to this vulnerability.
Apache CloudStack 4.1 to 4.8.1.0 and 4.9.0.0 contain an API call designed to allow a user to register for the developer API. If a malicious user is able to determine the ID of another (non-"root") CloudStack user, the malicious user may be able to reset the API keys for the other user, in turn accessing their account and resources.
The HTTP transport module in Apache CXF prior to 3.0.12 and 3.1.x prior to 3.1.9 uses FormattedServiceListWriter to provide an HTML page which lists the names and absolute URL addresses of the available service endpoints. The module calculates the base URL using the current HttpServletRequest. The calculated base URL is used by FormattedServiceListWriter to build the service endpoint absolute URLs. If the unexpected matrix parameters have been injected into the request URL then these matrix parameters will find their way back to the client in the services list page which represents an XSS risk to the client.
In Apache Hadoop 2.x before 2.7.4, a user who can escalate to yarn user can possibly run arbitrary commands as root user.
In Apache ActiveMQ 5.x before 5.14.2, an instance of a cross-site scripting vulnerability was identified to be present in the web based administration console. The root cause of this issue is improper user data output validation.
Apache Tika before 1.14 allows Java code execution for serialized objects embedded in MATLAB files. The issue exists because Tika invokes JMatIO to do native deserialization.
Buffer overflow in Apache Tomcat Connectors (mod_jk) before 1.2.42.
Apache Wicket 6.x before 6.25.0, 7.x before 7.5.0, and 8.0.0-M1 provide a CSRF prevention measure that fails to discover some cross origin requests. The mitigation is to not only check the Origin HTTP header, but also take the Referer HTTP header into account when no Origin was provided. Furthermore, not all Wicket server side targets were subjected to the CSRF check. This was also fixed.
Apache Ignite before 1.9 allows man-in-the-middle attackers to read arbitrary files via XXE in modified update-notifier documents.
The Apache OpenOffice installer (versions prior to 4.1.3, including some branded as OpenOffice.org) for Windows contains a defective operation that allows execution of arbitrary code with elevated privileges. This requires that the location in which the installer is run has been previously poisoned by a file that impersonates a dynamic-link library that the installer depends upon.
An installer defect known as an "unquoted Windows search path vulnerability" affected the Apache OpenOffice before 4.1.3 installers for Windows. The PC must have previously been infected by a Trojan Horse application (or user) running with administrative privilege. Any installer with the unquoted search path vulnerability becomes a delayed trigger for the exploit.
Apache Shiro before 1.3.2 allows attackers to bypass intended servlet filters and gain access by leveraging use of a non-root servlet context path.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the CSRF content-type check in Jackrabbit-Webdav in Apache Jackrabbit 2.4.x before 2.4.6, 2.6.x before 2.6.6, 2.8.x before 2.8.3, 2.10.x before 2.10.4, 2.12.x before 2.12.4, and 2.13.x before 2.13.3 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims for requests that create a resource via an HTTP POST request with a (1) missing or (2) crafted Content-Type header.
The default configuration of the Apache OFBiz framework offers a blog functionality. Different users are able to operate blogs which are related to specific parties. In the form field for the creation of new blog articles the user input of the summary field as well as the article field is not properly sanitized. It is possible to inject arbitrary JavaScript code in these form fields. This code gets executed from the browser of every user who is visiting this article. Mitigation: Upgrade to Apache OFBiz 16.11.01.
Product: Apache Cordova Android 5.2.2 and earlier. The application calls methods of the Log class. Messages passed to these methods (Log.v(), Log.d(), Log.i(), Log.w(), and Log.e()) are stored in a series of circular buffers on the device. By default, a maximum of four 16 KB rotated logs are kept in addition to the current log. The logged data can be read using Logcat on the device. When using platforms prior to Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean), the log data is not sandboxed per application; any application installed on the device has the capability to read data logged by other applications.
In the XSS Protection API module before 1.0.12 in Apache Sling, the method XSS.getValidXML() uses an insecure SAX parser to validate the input string, which allows for XXE attacks in all scripts which use this method to validate user input, potentially allowing an attacker to read sensitive data on the filesystem, perform same-site-request-forgery (SSRF), port-scanning behind the firewall or DoS the application.
The ResourceLinkFactory implementation in Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.M9, 8.5.0 to 8.5.4, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.36, 7.0.0 to 7.0.70 and 6.0.0 to 6.0.45 did not limit web application access to global JNDI resources to those resources explicitly linked to the web application. Therefore, it was possible for a web application to access any global JNDI resource whether an explicit ResourceLink had been configured or not.
A malicious web application running on Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.M9, 8.5.0 to 8.5.4, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.36, 7.0.0 to 7.0.70 and 6.0.0 to 6.0.45 was able to bypass a configured SecurityManager via manipulation of the configuration parameters for the JSP Servlet.
In the Convention plugin in Apache Struts 2.3.x before 2.3.31, and 2.5.x before 2.5.5, it is possible to prepare a special URL which will be used for path traversal and execution of arbitrary code on server side.
When a SecurityManager is configured, a web application's ability to read system properties should be controlled by the SecurityManager. In Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.M9, 8.5.0 to 8.5.4, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.36, 7.0.0 to 7.0.70, 6.0.0 to 6.0.45 the system property replacement feature for configuration files could be used by a malicious web application to bypass the SecurityManager and read system properties that should not be visible.
The DiskFileItem class in Apache Wicket 6.x before 6.25.0 and 1.5.x before 1.5.17 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) and write to, move, and delete files with the permissions of DiskFileItem, and if running on a Java VM before 1.3.1, execute arbitrary code via a crafted serialized Java object.
main/java/org/apache/directory/groovyldap/LDAP.java in the Groovy LDAP API in Apache allows attackers to conduct LDAP entry poisoning attacks by leveraging setting returnObjFlag to true for all search methods.
The mod_dontdothat component of the mod_dav_svn Apache module in Subversion as packaged in Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.11 does not properly detect recursion during entity expansion, which allows remote authenticated users with access to the webdav repository to cause a denial of service (memory consumption and httpd crash). NOTE: Exists as a regression to CVE-2009-1955.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u121, 7u111, 8u102; and Java SE Embedded 8u101 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via vectors related to Hotspot, a different vulnerability than CVE-2016-5573.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u121, 7u111, and 8u102 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via vectors related to AWT.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u121, 7u111, and 8u102 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via vectors related to 2D.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Agile PLM component in Oracle Supply Chain Products Suite 9.3.4 and 9.3.5 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via vectors related to Apache Tomcat.
The Tomcat package on Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 7, Fedora, CentOS, Oracle Linux, and possibly other Linux distributions uses weak permissions for /usr/lib/tmpfiles.d/tomcat.conf, which allows local users to gain root privileges by leveraging membership in the tomcat group.
The Apache Thrift Go client library exposed the potential during code generation for command injection due to using an external formatting tool. Affected Apache Thrift 0.9.3 and older, Fixed in Apache Thrift 0.10.0.
Apache Traffic Server 6.0.0 to 6.2.0 are affected by an HPACK Bomb Attack.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the create user functionality in the policy admin tool in Apache Ranger before 0.6.1 allows remote authenticated administrators to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via vectors related to policies.
In the XSS Protection API module before 1.0.12 in Apache Sling, the encoding done by the XSSAPI.encodeForJSString() method is not restrictive enough and for some input patterns allows script tags to pass through unencoded, leading to potential XSS vulnerabilities.
In Apache Hadoop 2.6.x before 2.6.5 and 2.7.x before 2.7.3, a remote user who can authenticate with the HDFS NameNode can possibly run arbitrary commands with the same privileges as the HDFS service.
Apache Tomcat 7.x through 7.0.70 and 8.x through 8.5.4, when the CGI Servlet is enabled, follows RFC 3875 section 4.1.18 and therefore does not protect applications from the presence of untrusted client data in the HTTP_PROXY environment variable, which might allow remote attackers to redirect an application's outbound HTTP traffic to an arbitrary proxy server via a crafted Proxy header in an HTTP request, aka an "httpoxy" issue. NOTE: the vendor states "A mitigation is planned for future releases of Tomcat, tracked as CVE-2016-5388"; in other words, this is not a CVE ID for a vulnerability.
The Apache HTTP Server through 2.4.23 follows RFC 3875 section 4.1.18 and therefore does not protect applications from the presence of untrusted client data in the HTTP_PROXY environment variable, which might allow remote attackers to redirect an application's outbound HTTP traffic to an arbitrary proxy server via a crafted Proxy header in an HTTP request, aka an "httpoxy" issue.  NOTE: the vendor states "This mitigation has been assigned the identifier CVE-2016-5387"; in other words, this is not a CVE ID for a vulnerability.
CoreResponseStateManager in Apache MyFaces Trinidad 1.0.0 through 1.0.13, 1.2.x before 1.2.15, 2.0.x before 2.0.2, and 2.1.x before 2.1.2 might allow attackers to conduct deserialization attacks via a crafted serialized view state string.
In Apache Tomcat 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.M9, 8.5.0 to 8.5.4, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.36, 7.0.0 to 7.0.70 and 6.0.0 to 6.0.45 a malicious web application was able to bypass a configured SecurityManager via a Tomcat utility method that was accessible to web applications.
Buffer overflow in the C cli shell in Apache Zookeeper before 3.4.9 and 3.5.x before 3.5.3, when using the "cmd:" batch mode syntax, allows attackers to have unspecified impact via a long command string.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Archiva 1.3.9 and earlier allows remote authenticated administrators to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the connector.sourceRepoId parameter to admin/addProxyConnector_commit.action.
The Content-Encoding HTTP header feature in ws-xmlrpc 3.1.3 as used in Apache Archiva allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource consumption) by decompressing a large file containing zeroes.
The Apache XML-RPC (aka ws-xmlrpc) library 3.1.3, as used in Apache Archiva, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted serialized Java object in an &lt;ex:serializable&gt; element.
XML external entity (XXE) vulnerability in the Apache XML-RPC (aka ws-xmlrpc) library 3.1.3, as used in Apache Archiva, allows remote attackers to conduct server-side request forgery (SSRF) attacks via a crafted DTD.
This is an information disclosure vulnerability in Apache Hadoop before 2.6.4 and 2.7.x before 2.7.2 in the short-circuit reads feature of HDFS. A local user on an HDFS DataNode may be able to craft a block token that grants unauthorized read access to random files by guessing certain fields in the token.
The XLSX2CSV example in Apache POI before 3.14 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a crafted OpenXML document containing an external entity declaration in conjunction with an entity reference, related to an XML External Entity (XXE) issue.
The Apache HTTP Server 2.4.18 through 2.4.20, when mod_http2 and mod_ssl are enabled, does not properly recognize the "SSLVerifyClient require" directive for HTTP/2 request authorization, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions by leveraging the ability to send multiple requests over a single connection and aborting a renegotiation.
The getObject method of the javax.jms.ObjectMessage class in the (1) JMS Core client, (2) Artemis broker, and (3) Artemis REST component in Apache ActiveMQ Artemis before 1.4.0 might allow remote authenticated users with permission to send messages to the Artemis broker to deserialize arbitrary objects and execute arbitrary code by leveraging gadget classes being present on the Artemis classpath.
When processing authorization requests using the whitelabel views in Spring Security OAuth 2.0.0 to 2.0.9 and 1.0.0 to 1.0.5, the response_type parameter value was executed as Spring SpEL which enabled a malicious user to trigger remote code execution via the crafting of the value for response_type.
Apache Ambari 2.x before 2.4.0 includes KDC administrator passwords on the kadmin command line, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information via a process listing.
Possible CRLF injection allowing HTTP response splitting attacks for sites which use mod_userdir. This issue was mitigated by changes made in 2.4.25 and 2.2.32 which prohibit CR or LF injection into the "Location" or other outbound header key or value. Fixed in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.25 (Affected 2.4.1-2.4.23). Fixed in Apache HTTP Server 2.2.32 (Affected 2.2.0-2.2.31).
Apache Qpid AMQP 0-x JMS client before 6.0.4 and JMS (AMQP 1.0) before 0.10.0 does not restrict the use of classes available on the classpath, which might allow remote authenticated users with permission to send messages to deserialize arbitrary objects and execute arbitrary code by leveraging a crafted serialized object in a JMS ObjectMessage that is handled by the getObject function.
The Apache HTTP Server in Apple OS X before 10.12 and OS X Server before 5.2 follows RFC 3875 section 4.1.18 and therefore does not protect applications from the presence of untrusted CGI client data in the HTTP_PROXY environment variable, which might allow remote attackers to redirect an application's outbound HTTP traffic to an arbitrary proxy server via a crafted Proxy header in an HTTP request, aka an "httpoxy" issue, a related issue to CVE-2016-5387.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in Apache Archiva 1.3.9 and earlier allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that (1) add new repository proxy connectors via the token parameter to admin/addProxyConnector_commit.action, (2) new repositories via the token parameter to admin/addRepository_commit.action, (3) edit existing repositories via the token parameter to admin/editRepository_commit.action, (4) add legacy artifact paths via the token parameter to admin/addLegacyArtifactPath_commit.action, (5) change the organizational appearance via the token parameter to admin/saveAppearance.action, or (6) upload new artifacts via the token parameter to upload_submit.action.
The C client and C-based client bindings in the Apache Qpid Proton library before 0.13.1 on Windows do not properly verify that the server hostname matches a domain name in the subject's Common Name (CN) or subjectAltName field of the X.509 certificate when using the SChannel-based security layer, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers via an arbitrary valid certificate.
The URLValidator class in Apache Struts 2 2.3.20 through 2.3.28.1 and 2.5.x before 2.5.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a null value for a URL field.
The application plugins in Apache CXF Fediz 1.2.x before 1.2.3 and 1.3.x before 1.3.1 do not match SAML AudienceRestriction values against configured audience URIs, which might allow remote attackers to have bypass intended restrictions and have unspecified other impact via a crafted SAML token with a trusted signature.
Stack-based buffer overflow in Apache Xerces-C++ before 3.1.4 allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service via a deeply nested DTD.
By manipulating the URL parameter externalLoginKey, a malicious, logged in user could pass valid Freemarker directives to the Template Engine that are reflected on the webpage; a specially crafted Freemarker template could be used for remote code execution. Mitigation: Upgrade to Apache OFBiz 16.11.01
Apache Struts 2.x before 2.3.29 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a "%{}" sequence in a tag attribute, aka forced double OGNL evaluation.  NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2016-0785.
Apache Pony Mail 0.6c through 0.8b allows remote attackers to bypass authentication.
The REST plugin in Apache Struts 2 2.3.19 through 2.3.28.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted expression.
Apache Shiro before 1.2.5, when a cipher key has not been configured for the "remember me" feature, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or bypass intended access restrictions via an unspecified request parameter.
Apache Struts 2 before 2.3.29 and 2.5.x before 2.5.1 allow attackers to have unspecified impact via vectors related to improper action name clean up.
Apache Tika before 1.13 does not properly initialize the XML parser or choose handlers, which might allow remote attackers to conduct XML External Entity (XXE) attacks via vectors involving (1) spreadsheets in OOXML files and (2) XMP metadata in PDF and other file formats, a related issue to CVE-2016-2175.
Apache Struts 2 2.3.20 through 2.3.28.1 allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions and conduct redirection attacks via a crafted request.
The AMQP 0-8, 0-9, 0-91, and 0-10 connection handling in Apache Qpid Java before 6.0.3 might allow remote attackers to bypass authentication and consequently perform actions via vectors related to connection state logging.
Apache Struts 2 2.3.20 through 2.3.28.1 allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions and conduct redirection attacks by leveraging a default method.
Apache Struts 2 2.3.20 through 2.3.28.1 mishandles token validation, which allows remote attackers to conduct cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attacks via unspecified vectors.
A remote code execution vulnerability was identified in HP Business Service Management (BSM) using Apache Commons Collection Java Deserialization versions v9.20-v9.26
The RMI service in HP Network Automation Software 9.1x, 9.2x, 10.0x before 10.00.02.01, and 10.1x before 10.11.00.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections (ACC) and Commons BeanUtils libraries.
The AdminUI in HPE Operations Manager (OM) before 9.21.130 on Linux, Unix, and Solaris allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections (ACC) library.
HPE iMC PLAT before 7.2 E0403P04, iMC EAD before 7.2 E0405P05, iMC APM before 7.2 E0401P04, iMC NTA before 7.2 E0401P01, iMC BIMS before 7.2 E0402P02, and iMC UAM_TAM before 7.2 E0405P05 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections (ACC) library.
HPE Discovery and Dependency Mapping Inventory (DDMi) 9.30, 9.31, 9.32, 9.32 update 1, 9.32 update 2, and 9.32 update 3 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections library.
HPE Universal CMDB 10.0 through 10.21, Universal CMDB Configuration Manager 10.0 through 10.21, and Universal Discovery 10.0 through 10.21 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections (ACC) library.
The duration function in the moment package before 2.11.2 for Node.js allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a long string, aka a "regular expression Denial of Service (ReDoS)."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the URLDecoder function in JRE before 1.8, as used in Apache Struts 2.x before 2.3.28, when using a single byte page encoding, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via multi-byte characters in a url-encoded parameter.
The RMI service in SolarWinds Virtualization Manager 6.3.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections (ACC) library.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE 6u113, 7u99, and 8u77; Java SE Embedded 8u77; and JRockit R28.3.9 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via vectors related to JMX.
A remote shell execution vulnerability in the BlackBerry Good Enterprise Mobility Server (GEMS) implementation of the Apache Karaf command shell in GEMS versions 2.1.5.3 to 2.2.22.25 allows remote attackers to obtain local administrator rights on the GEMS server via commands executed on the Karaf command shell.
mod_cluster, as used in Red Hat JBoss Web Server 2.1, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (Apache http server crash) via an MCMP message containing a series of = (equals) characters after a legitimate element.
PlainSaslServer.java in Apache Qpid Java before 6.0.3, when the broker is configured to allow plaintext passwords, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (broker termination) via a crafted authentication attempt, which triggers an uncaught exception.
Apache Struts 2.0.0 through 2.3.24.1 does not properly cache method references when used with OGNL before 3.0.12, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (block access to a web site) via unspecified vectors.
The MultipartStream class in Apache Commons Fileupload before 1.3.2, as used in Apache Tomcat 7.x before 7.0.70, 8.x before 8.0.36, 8.5.x before 8.5.3, and 9.x before 9.0.0.M7 and other products, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a long boundary string.
The TextParseUtil.translateVariables method in Apache Struts 2.x before 2.3.20 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted OGNL expression with ANTLR tooling.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the SWF panel in Apache OpenMeetings before 3.1.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the swf parameter.
The Fileserver web application in Apache ActiveMQ 5.x before 5.14.0 allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary files via an HTTP PUT followed by an HTTP MOVE request.
Apache Struts 2.3.19 to 2.3.20.2, 2.3.21 to 2.3.24.1, and 2.3.25 to 2.3.28, when Dynamic Method Invocation is enabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via vectors related to an ! (exclamation mark) operator to the REST Plugin.
The YARN NodeManager in Apache Hadoop 2.6.x before 2.6.5 and 2.7.x before 2.7.3 can leak the password for credential store provider used by the NodeManager to YARN Applications.
Apache CloudStack 4.5.x before 4.5.2.1, 4.6.x before 4.6.2.1, 4.7.x before 4.7.1.1, and 4.8.x before 4.8.0.1, when SAML-based authentication is enabled and used, allow remote attackers to bypass authentication and access the user interface via vectors related to the SAML plugin.
Apache Hive (JDBC + HiveServer2) implements SSL for plain TCP and HTTP connections (it supports both transport modes). While validating the server's certificate during the connection setup, the client in Apache Hive before 1.2.2 and 2.0.x before 2.0.1 doesn't seem to be verifying the common name attribute of the certificate. In this way, if a JDBC client sends an SSL request to server abc.com, and the server responds with a valid certificate (certified by CA) but issued to xyz.com, the client will accept that as a valid certificate and the SSL handshake will go through.
XSLTResult in Apache Struts 2.x before 2.3.20.2, 2.3.24.x before 2.3.24.2, and 2.3.28.x before 2.3.28.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via the stylesheet location parameter.
Apache Struts 2.3.19 to 2.3.20.2, 2.3.21 to 2.3.24.1, and 2.3.25 to 2.3.28, when Dynamic Method Invocation is enabled, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via method: prefix, related to chained expressions.
The DES and Triple DES ciphers, as used in the TLS, SSH, and IPSec protocols and other protocols and products, have a birthday bound of approximately four billion blocks, which makes it easier for remote attackers to obtain cleartext data via a birthday attack against a long-duration encrypted session, as demonstrated by an HTTPS session using Triple DES in CBC mode, aka a "Sweet32" attack.
Apache PDFBox before 1.8.12 and 2.x before 2.0.1 does not properly initialize the XML parsers, which allows context-dependent attackers to conduct XML External Entity (XXE) attacks via a crafted PDF.
SQL injection vulnerability in the policy admin tool in Apache Ranger before 0.5.3 allows remote authenticated administrators to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the eventTime parameter to service/plugins/policies/eventTime.
The User Manager service in Apache Jetspeed before 2.3.1 does not properly restrict access using Jetspeed Security, which allows remote attackers to (1) add, (2) edit, or (3) delete users via the REST API.
Apache OFBiz 12.04.x before 12.04.06 and 13.07.x before 13.07.03 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections library.
The req_check_access function in the mod_authz_svn module in the httpd server in Apache Subversion before 1.8.16 and 1.9.x before 1.9.4 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and crash) via a crafted header in a (1) MOVE or (2) COPY request, involving an authorization check.
The canonicalize_username function in svnserve/cyrus_auth.c in Apache Subversion before 1.8.16 and 1.9.x before 1.9.4, when Cyrus SASL authentication is used, allows remote attackers to authenticate and bypass intended access restrictions via a realm string that is a prefix of an expected repository realm string.
The (1) proton.reactor.Connector, (2) proton.reactor.Container, and (3) proton.utils.BlockingConnection classes in Apache Qpid Proton before 0.12.1 improperly use an unencrypted connection for an amqps URI scheme when SSL support is unavailable, which might allow man-in-the-middle attackers to obtain sensitive information or modify data via unspecified vectors.
The (1) FileService.importFileByInternalUserId and (2) FileService.importFile SOAP API methods in Apache OpenMeetings before 3.1.1 improperly use the Java URL class without checking the specified protocol handler, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by attempting to upload a file.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache OpenMeetings before 3.1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the event description when creating an event.
Apache Struts 2.x before 2.3.25 does not sanitize text in the Locale object constructed by I18NInterceptor, which might allow remote attackers to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks via unspecified vectors involving language display.
In Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.0 to 2.4.23, malicious input to mod_auth_digest can cause the server to crash, and each instance continues to crash even for subsequently valid requests.
Use-after-free vulnerability in validators/DTD/DTDScanner.cpp in Apache Xerces C++ 3.1.3 and earlier allows context-dependent attackers to have unspecified impact via an invalid character in an XML document.
HPE Network Node Manager i (NNMi) 9.20, 9.23, 9.24, 9.25, 10.00, and 10.01 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections (ACC) library.
HPE P9000 Command View Advanced Edition Software (CVAE) 7.x and 8.x before 8.4.0-00 and XP7 CVAE 7.x and 8.x before 8.4.0-00 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections (ACC) library.
HPE Asset Manager 9.40, 9.41, and 9.50 and Asset Manager CloudSystem Chargeback 9.40 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections (ACC) library.
The server in HP Release Control 9.13, 9.20, and 9.21 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections library.
HPE Service Manager (SM) 9.3x before 9.35 P4 and 9.4x before 9.41.P2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections library.
HPE Operations Orchestration 10.x before 10.51 and Operations Orchestration content before 1.7.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections library.
HP Continuous Delivery Automation (CDA) 1.30 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections library.
HPE Operations Manager 8.x and 9.0 on Windows allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections library.
The Apache HTTP Server 2.4.17 and 2.4.18, when mod_http2 is enabled, does not limit the number of simultaneous stream workers for a single HTTP/2 connection, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (stream-processing outage) via modified flow-control windows.
The Impress tool in Apache OpenOffice 4.1.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds read or write) or execute arbitrary code via crafted MetaActions in an (1) ODP or (2) OTP file.
Lexmark Markvision Enterprise before 2.3.0 misuses the Apache Commons Collections Library, leading to remote code execution because of Java deserialization.
(1) cpan/Archive-Tar/bin/ptar, (2) cpan/Archive-Tar/bin/ptardiff, (3) cpan/Archive-Tar/bin/ptargrep, (4) cpan/CPAN/scripts/cpan, (5) cpan/Digest-SHA/shasum, (6) cpan/Encode/bin/enc2xs, (7) cpan/Encode/bin/encguess, (8) cpan/Encode/bin/piconv, (9) cpan/Encode/bin/ucmlint, (10) cpan/Encode/bin/unidump, (11) cpan/ExtUtils-MakeMaker/bin/instmodsh, (12) cpan/IO-Compress/bin/zipdetails, (13) cpan/JSON-PP/bin/json_pp, (14) cpan/Test-Harness/bin/prove, (15) dist/ExtUtils-ParseXS/lib/ExtUtils/xsubpp, (16) dist/Module-CoreList/corelist, (17) ext/Pod-Html/bin/pod2html, (18) utils/c2ph.PL, (19) utils/h2ph.PL, (20) utils/h2xs.PL, (21) utils/libnetcfg.PL, (22) utils/perlbug.PL, (23) utils/perldoc.PL, (24) utils/perlivp.PL, and (25) utils/splain.PL in Perl 5.x before 5.22.3-RC2 and 5.24 before 5.24.1-RC2 do not properly remove . (period) characters from the end of the includes directory array, which might allow local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse module under the current working directory.
ActionServlet.java in Apache Struts 1 1.x through 1.3.10 does not properly restrict the Validator configuration, which allows remote attackers to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks or cause a denial of service via crafted input, a related issue to CVE-2015-0899.
ActionServlet.java in Apache Struts 1 1.x through 1.3.10 mishandles multithreaded access to an ActionForm instance, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (unexpected memory access) via a multipart request, a related issue to CVE-2015-0899.
Adobe ColdFusion 10 before Update 19, 11 before Update 8, and 2016 before Update 1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections library.
cPanel before 58.0.4 initially uses weak permissions for Apache HTTP Server log files (SEC-130).
cPanel before 60.0.25 allows members of the nobody group to read Apache HTTP Server SSL keys (SEC-186).
Information disclosure and authentication bypass vulnerability exists in the Apache HTTP Server configuration bundled with ZoneMinder v1.30 and v1.29, which allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to browse all directories in the web root, e.g., a remote unauthenticated attacker can view all CCTV images on the server via the /events URI.
An issue was discovered in Radisys MRF Web Panel (SWMS) 9.0.1. The MSM_MACRO_NAME POST parameter in /swms/ms.cgi was discovered to be vulnerable to OS command injection attacks. It is possible to use the pipe character (|) to inject arbitrary OS commands and retrieve the output in the application's responses. Attackers could execute unauthorized commands, which could then be used to disable the software, or read, write, and modify data for which the attacker does not have permissions to access directly. Since the targeted application is directly executing the commands instead of the attacker, any malicious activities may appear to come from the application or the application's owner (apache user).
Apache Commons FileUpload before 1.3.3 DiskFileItem File Manipulation Remote Code Execution
The Servlets Post component 2.3.6 in Apache Sling, as used in Adobe Experience Manager 5.6.1, 6.0.0, and 6.1.0, allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unspecified vectors.
Apache Struts 2.x before 2.3.28 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a "%{}" sequence in a tag attribute, aka forced double OGNL evaluation.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the Import/Export System Backups functionality in Apache OpenMeetings before 3.1.1 allows remote authenticated administrators to write to arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in a ZIP archive entry.
The sendHashByUser function in Apache OpenMeetings before 3.1.1 generates predictable password reset tokens, which makes it easier for remote attackers to reset arbitrary user passwords by leveraging knowledge of a user name and the current system time.
The administration web console in Apache ActiveMQ 5.x before 5.11.4, 5.12.x before 5.12.3, and 5.13.x before 5.13.2 allows remote authenticated users to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks and consequently obtain sensitive information from a Java memory dump via vectors related to creating a queue.
The EjbObjectInputStream class in Apache TomEE before 1.7.4 and 7.x before 7.0.0-M3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted serialized object.
The setGlobalContext method in org/apache/naming/factory/ResourceLinkFactory.java in Apache Tomcat 7.x before 7.0.68, 8.x before 8.0.31, and 9.x before 9.0.0.M3 does not consider whether ResourceLinkFactory.setGlobalContext callers are authorized, which allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended SecurityManager restrictions and read or write to arbitrary application data, or cause a denial of service (application disruption), via a web application that sets a crafted global context.
The Realm implementations in Apache Tomcat versions 9.0.0.M1 to 9.0.0.M9, 8.5.0 to 8.5.4, 8.0.0.RC1 to 8.0.36, 7.0.0 to 7.0.70 and 6.0.0 to 6.0.45 did not process the supplied password if the supplied user name did not exist. This made a timing attack possible to determine valid user names. Note that the default configuration includes the LockOutRealm which makes exploitation of this vulnerability harder.
Multiple incomplete blacklist vulnerabilities in Apache Sentry before 1.7.0 allow remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via the (1) reflect, (2) reflect2, or (3) java_method Hive builtin functions.
In Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.0 to 2.4.23, mod_session_crypto was encrypting its data/cookie using the configured ciphers with possibly either CBC or ECB modes of operation (AES256-CBC by default), hence no selectable or builtin authenticated encryption. This made it vulnerable to padding oracle attacks, particularly with CBC.
Apache Ranger 0.5.x before 0.5.2 allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended parent resource-level access restrictions by leveraging mishandling of a resource-level exclude policy.
The web-based administration console in Apache ActiveMQ 5.x before 5.13.2 does not send an X-Frame-Options HTTP header, which makes it easier for remote attackers to conduct clickjacking attacks via a crafted web page that contains a (1) FRAME or (2) IFRAME element.
The Admin UI in Apache Ranger before 0.5.1 does not properly handle authentication requests that lack a password, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication by leveraging knowledge of a valid username.
The File Browser View in Apache Ambari before 2.2.1 allows remote authenticated administrators to read arbitrary files via a file: URL in the WebHDFS URL configuration.
Multiple buffer overflows in (1) internal/XMLReader.cpp, (2) util/XMLURL.cpp, and (3) util/XMLUri.cpp in the XML Parser library in Apache Xerces-C before 3.1.3 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault or memory corruption) or possibly execute arbitrary code via a crafted document.
The session-persistence implementation in Apache Tomcat 6.x before 6.0.45, 7.x before 7.0.68, 8.x before 8.0.31, and 9.x before 9.0.0.M2 mishandles session attributes, which allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended SecurityManager restrictions and execute arbitrary code in a privileged context via a web application that places a crafted object in a session.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Jetspeed before 2.3.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the PATH_INFO to portal.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Apache Jetspeed before 2.3.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the title parameter when adding a (1) link, (2) page, or (3) folder resource.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in the User Manager service in Apache Jetspeed before 2.3.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) role or (2) user parameter to services/usermanager/users/.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the Import/Export function in the Portal Site Manager in Apache Jetspeed before 2.3.1 allows remote authenticated administrators to write to arbitrary files, and consequently execute arbitrary code, via a .. (dot dot) in a ZIP archive entry, as demonstrated by "../../webapps/x.jsp."
Applications deployed to Cloud Foundry, versions v166 through v227, may be vulnerable to a remote disclosure of information, including, but not limited to environment variables and bound service details. For applications to be vulnerable, they must have been staged using automatic buildpack detection, passed through the Java Buildpack detection script, and allow the serving of static content from within the deployed artifact. The default Apache Tomcat configuration in the affected java buildpack versions for some basic web application archive (WAR) packaged applications are vulnerable to this issue.
The agent in Apache Ambari before 2.1.2 uses weak permissions for the (1) /var/lib/ambari-agent/data and (2) /var/lib/ambari-agent/keys directories, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information by reading files in the directories.
Apache Tomcat 6.x before 6.0.45, 7.x before 7.0.68, 8.x before 8.0.31, and 9.x before 9.0.0.M2 does not place org.apache.catalina.manager.StatusManagerServlet on the org/apache/catalina/core/RestrictedServlets.properties list, which allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended SecurityManager restrictions and read arbitrary HTTP requests, and consequently discover session ID values, via a crafted web application.
jQuery before 3.0.0 is vulnerable to Cross-site Scripting (XSS) attacks when a cross-domain Ajax request is performed without the dataType option, causing text/javascript responses to be executed.
An issue was discovered in PHP 5.x and 7.x, when the configuration uses apache2handler/mod_php or php-fpm with OpCache enabled. With 5.x after 5.6.28 or 7.x after 7.0.13, the issue is resolved in a non-default configuration with the opcache.validate_permission=1 setting. The vulnerability details are as follows. In PHP SAPIs where PHP interpreters share a common parent process, Zend OpCache creates a shared memory object owned by the common parent during initialization. Child PHP processes inherit the SHM descriptor, using it to cache and retrieve compiled script bytecode ("opcode" in PHP jargon). Cache keys vary depending on configuration, but filename is a central key component, and compiled opcode can generally be run if a script's filename is known or can be guessed. Many common shared-hosting configurations change EUID in child processes to enforce privilege separation among hosted users (for example using mod_ruid2 for the Apache HTTP Server, or php-fpm user settings). In these scenarios, the default Zend OpCache behavior defeats script file permissions by sharing a single SHM cache among all child PHP processes. PHP scripts often contain sensitive information: Think of CMS configurations where reading or running another user's script usually means gaining privileges to the CMS database.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in webapp/web/js/scripts/plugins.js in the stats page in the Admin UI in Apache Solr before 5.3.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the entry parameter to a plugins/cache URI.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in webapp/web/js/scripts/schema-browser.js in the Admin UI in Apache Solr before 5.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a crafted schema-browse URL.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the Admin UI in Apache Solr before 5.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via crafted fields that are mishandled during the rendering of the (1) Analysis page, related to webapp/web/js/scripts/analysis.js or (2) Schema-Browser page, related to webapp/web/js/scripts/schema-browser.js.
Intel McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator (ePO) 4.6.9 and earlier, 5.0.x, 5.1.x before 5.1.3 Hotfix 1106041, and 5.3.x before 5.3.1 Hotfix 1106041 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections (ACC) library.
Apache Cordova-Android before 3.7.0 improperly generates random values for BridgeSecret data, which makes it easier for attackers to conduct bridge hijacking attacks by predicting a value.
ag_server_service.exe in the AggreGate Server Service in Tibbo AggreGate before 5.30.06 allows local users to execute arbitrary Java code with SYSTEM privileges by using the Apache Axis AdminService deployment method to publish a class.
The administration-panel web service in IBM System Networking Switch Center (SNSC) before 7.3.1.5 and Lenovo Switch Center before 8.1.2.0 allows local users to execute arbitrary JSP code with SYSTEM privileges by using the Apache Axis AdminService deployment method to install a .jsp file.
Apache James Server 2.3.2, when configured with file-based user repositories, allows attackers to execute arbitrary system commands via unspecified vectors.
It was found that the Apache ActiveMQ client before 5.14.5 exposed a remote shutdown command in the ActiveMQConnection class. An attacker logged into a compromised broker could use this flaw to achieve denial of service on a connected client.
The authorization framework in Apache Hive 1.0.0, 1.0.1, 1.1.0, 1.1.1, 1.2.0 and 1.2.1, on clusters protected by Ranger and SqlStdHiveAuthorization, allows attackers to bypass intended parent table access restrictions via unspecified partition-level operations.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the (1) RadioGroup and (2) CheckBoxMultipleChoice classes in Apache Wicket 1.5.x before 1.5.15, 6.x before 6.22.0, and 7.x before 7.2.0 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a crafted "value" attribute in a &lt;input&gt; element.
agent/Core/Controller/SendRequest.cpp in Phusion Passenger before 4.0.60 and 5.0.x before 5.0.22, when used in Apache integration mode or in standalone mode without a filtering proxy, allows remote attackers to spoof headers passed to applications by using an _ (underscore) character instead of a - (dash) character in an HTTP header, as demonstrated by an X_User header.
Red Hat JBoss A-MQ 6.x; BPM Suite (BPMS) 6.x; BRMS 6.x and 5.x; Data Grid (JDG) 6.x; Data Virtualization (JDV) 6.x and 5.x; Enterprise Application Platform 6.x, 5.x, and 4.3.x; Fuse 6.x; Fuse Service Works (FSW) 6.x; Operations Network (JBoss ON) 3.x; Portal 6.x; SOA Platform (SOA-P) 5.x; Web Server (JWS) 3.x; Red Hat OpenShift/xPAAS 3.x; and Red Hat Subscription Asset Manager 1.3 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections (ACC) library.
Serialized-object interfaces in certain IBM analytics, business solutions, cognitive, IT infrastructure, and mobile and social products allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the InvokerTransformer class in the Apache Commons Collections library.
Serialized-object interfaces in VMware vRealize Orchestrator 6.x, vCenter Orchestrator 5.x, vRealize Operations 6.x, vCenter Operations 5.x, and vCenter Application Discovery Manager (vADM) 7.x allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections library.
The LDAPLoginModule implementation in the Java Authentication and Authorization Service (JAAS) in Apache ActiveMQ 5.x before 5.10.1 allows wildcard operators in usernames, which allows remote attackers to obtain credentials via a brute force attack. NOTE: this identifier was SPLIT from CVE-2014-3612 per ADT2 due to different vulnerability types.
Serialized-object interfaces in certain Cisco Collaboration and Social Media; Endpoint Clients and Client Software; Network Application, Service, and Acceleration; Network and Content Security Devices; Network Management and Provisioning; Routing and Switching - Enterprise and Service Provider; Unified Computing; Voice and Unified Communications Devices; Video, Streaming, TelePresence, and Transcoding Devices; Wireless; and Cisco Hosted Services products allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections (ACC) library.
The Apache Solr Real-Time module 7.x-1.x before 7.x-1.2 for Drupal does not check the status of an entity when indexing, which allows remote attackers to obtain information about unpublished content via a search.
The Hostmaster (Aegir) module 6.x-2.x before 6.x-2.4 and 7.x-3.x before 7.x-3.0-beta2 for Drupal allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a crafted file in the directory used to write Apache vhost files for hosted sites in a multi-site environment.
The (1) Manager and (2) Host Manager applications in Apache Tomcat 7.x before 7.0.68, 8.x before 8.0.31, and 9.x before 9.0.0.M2 establish sessions and send CSRF tokens for arbitrary new requests, which allows remote attackers to bypass a CSRF protection mechanism by using a token.
The CSV export in Apache LDAP Studio and Apache Directory Studio before 2.0.0-M10 does not properly escape field values, which might allow attackers to execute arbitrary commands by leveraging a crafted LDAP entry that is interpreted as a formula when imported into a spreadsheet.
Apache Camel 2.6.x through 2.14.x, 2.15.x before 2.15.5, and 2.16.x before 2.16.1, when using (1) camel-jetty or (2) camel-servlet as a consumer in Camel routes, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object in an HTTP request.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the getWindowOpenJavaScript function in org.apache.wicket.extensions.ajax.markup.html.modal.ModalWindow in Apache Wicket 1.5.x before 1.5.15, 6.x before 6.22.0, and 7.x before 7.2.0 might allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a ModalWindow title.
Session fixation vulnerability in Apache Tomcat 7.x before 7.0.66, 8.x before 8.0.30, and 9.x before 9.0.0.M2, when different session settings are used for deployments of multiple versions of the same web application, might allow remote attackers to hijack web sessions by leveraging use of a requestedSessionSSL field for an unintended request, related to CoyoteAdapter.java and Request.java.
The Mapper component in Apache Tomcat 6.x before 6.0.45, 7.x before 7.0.68, 8.x before 8.0.30, and 9.x before 9.0.0.M2 processes redirects before considering security constraints and Filters, which allows remote attackers to determine the existence of a directory via a URL that lacks a trailing / (slash) character.
The camel-xstream component in Apache Camel before 2.15.5 and 2.16.x before 2.16.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object in an HTTP request.
Integer overflow in util.c in mod_dav_svn in Apache Subversion 1.7.x, 1.8.x before 1.8.15, and 1.9.x before 1.9.3 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (subversion server crash or memory consumption) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a skel-encoded request body, which triggers an out-of-bounds read and heap-based buffer overflow.
http/conn/ssl/SSLConnectionSocketFactory.java in Apache HttpComponents HttpClient before 4.3.6 ignores the http.socket.timeout configuration setting during an SSL handshake, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (HTTPS call hang) via unspecified vectors.
Integer overflow in the read_string function in libsvn_ra_svn/marshal.c in Apache Subversion 1.9.x before 1.9.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an svn:// protocol string, which triggers a heap-based buffer overflow and an out-of-bounds read.
drivers/usb/serial/whiteheat.c in the Linux kernel before 4.2.4 allows physically proximate attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and OOPS) or possibly have unspecified other impact via a crafted USB device. NOTE: this ID was incorrectly used for an Apache Cordova issue that has the correct ID of CVE-2015-8320.
Apache Cordova-Android before 4.1.0, when an application relies on a remote server, improperly implements a JavaScript whitelist protection mechanism, which allows attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via a crafted URI.
Adobe BlazeDS, as used in ColdFusion 10 before Update 18 and 11 before Update 7 and LiveCycle Data Services 3.0.x before 3.0.0.354175, 3.1.x before 3.1.0.354180, 4.5.x before 4.5.1.354177, 4.6.2.x before 4.6.2.354178, and 4.7.x before 4.7.0.354178, allows remote attackers to send HTTP traffic to intranet servers via a crafted XML document, related to a Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) issue.
Apache ActiveMQ 5.x before 5.13.0 does not restrict the classes that can be serialized in the broker, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted serialized Java Message Service (JMS) ObjectMessage object.
The SAML Web SSO module in Apache CXF before 2.7.18, 3.0.x before 3.0.7, and 3.1.x before 3.1.3 allows remote authenticated users to bypass authentication via a crafted SAML response with a valid signed assertion, related to a "wrapping attack."
After logging into the portal, the logout jsp page redirects the browser back to the login page after. It is feasible for malicious users to redirect the browser to an unintended web page in Apache jUDDI 3.1.2, 3.1.3, 3.1.4, and 3.1.5 when utilizing the portlets based user interface also known as 'Pluto', 'jUDDI Portal', 'UDDI Portal' or 'uddi-console'. User session data, credentials, and auth tokens are cleared before the redirect.
protobuf allows remote authenticated attackers to cause a heap-based buffer overflow.
LibreOffice before 4.4.6 and 5.x before 5.0.1 and Apache OpenOffice before 4.1.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or execute arbitrary code via an index to a non-existent bookmark in a DOC file.
Integer overflow in LibreOffice before 4.4.5 and Apache OpenOffice before 4.1.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via a long DOC file, which triggers a buffer overflow.
Integer underflow in LibreOffice before 4.4.5 and Apache OpenOffice before 4.1.2, when the configuration setting "Load printer settings with the document" is enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via crafted PrinterSetup data in an ODF document.
Open redirect vulnerability in Apache Ambari before 2.1.2 allows remote attackers to redirect users to arbitrary web sites and conduct phishing attacks via a URL in the targetURI parameter.
Apache Struts 2.x before 2.3.24.1 allows remote attackers to manipulate Struts internals, alter user sessions, or affect container settings via vectors involving a top object.
Apache Cordova iOS before 4.0.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary plugins via a link.
Apache Cordova iOS before 4.0.0 might allow attackers to bypass a URL whitelist protection mechanism in an app and load arbitrary resources by leveraging unspecified methods.
Unspecified vulnerability in the HTTP/2 experimental feature in Apache Traffic Server before 5.3.x before 5.3.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-5168.
CRLF injection vulnerability in the Apache Cordova File Transfer Plugin (cordova-plugin-file-transfer) for Android before 1.3.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary headers via CRLF sequences in the filename of an uploaded file.
Application plugins in Apache CXF Fediz before 1.1.3 and 1.2.x before 1.2.1 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
Directory traversal vulnerability in RequestUtil.java in Apache Tomcat 6.x before 6.0.45, 7.x before 7.0.65, and 8.x before 8.0.27 allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended SecurityManager restrictions and list a parent directory via a /.. (slash dot dot) in a pathname used by a web application in a getResource, getResourceAsStream, or getResourcePaths call, as demonstrated by the $CATALINA_BASE/webapps directory.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Struts before 2.3.20.
Unspecified vulnerability in the HTTP/2 experimental feature in Apache Traffic Server 5.3.x before 5.3.2 has unknown impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-5206.
The Policy Admin Tool in Apache Ranger before 0.5.1 allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended access restrictions via the REST API.
Apache Ambari before 2.1, as used in IBM Infosphere BigInsights 4.x before 4.1, stores a cleartext BigSheets password in a configuration file, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information by reading this file.
Apache Ambari before 2.1, as used in IBM Infosphere BigInsights 4.x before 4.1, includes cleartext passwords on a Configs screen, which allows physically proximate attackers to obtain sensitive information by reading password fields.
The WLS Security component in Oracle WebLogic Server 10.3.6.0, 12.1.2.0, 12.1.3.0, and 12.2.1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object in T3 protocol traffic to TCP port 7001, related to oracle_common/modules/com.bea.core.apache.commons.collections.jar. NOTE: the scope of this CVE is limited to the WebLogic Server product.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in the Job Fair (jobfair) extension before 1.0.1 for TYPO3, when using Apache with mod_mime, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by uploading a file with an executable extension, then accessing it via a direct request to the file in the extension upload folder.
LibreOffice before 4.4.5 and Apache OpenOffice before 4.1.2 uses the stored LinkUpdateMode configuration information in OpenDocument Format files and templates when handling links, which might allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a crafted document, which embeds data from local files into (1) Calc or (2) Writer.
The default configuration of the Apache HTTP Server on Apple OS X before 10.10.4 does not enable the mod_hfs_apple module, which allows remote attackers to bypass HTTP authentication via a crafted URL.
The php_handler function in sapi/apache2handler/sapi_apache2.c in PHP before 5.4.40, 5.5.x before 5.5.24, and 5.6.x before 5.6.8, when the Apache HTTP Server 2.4.x is used, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via pipelined HTTP requests that result in a "deconfigured interpreter."
Apache Tika server (aka tika-server) in Apache Tika 1.9 might allow remote attackers to read arbitrary files via the HTTP fileUrl header.
Apache Ambari before 2.0.2 or 2.1.x before 2.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to gain administrative privileges via unspecified vectors, possibly related to changing passwords.
Apache Flex BlazeDS, as used in flex-messaging-core.jar in Adobe LiveCycle Data Services (LCDS) 3.0.x before 3.0.0.354170, 4.5 before 4.5.1.354169, 4.6.2 before 4.6.2.354169, and 4.7 before 4.7.0.354169 and other products, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via an AMF message containing an XML external entity declaration in conjunction with an entity reference, related to an XML External Entity (XXE) issue.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the DisplayEntityField.getDescription method in ModelFormField.java in Apache OFBiz before 12.04.06 and 13.07.x before 13.07.03 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the description attribute of a display-entity element.
The client libraries in Apache Thrift before 0.9.3 might allow remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (infinite recursion) via vectors involving the skip function.
The MethodClosure class in runtime/MethodClosure.java in Apache Groovy 1.7.0 through 2.4.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via a crafted serialized object.
Apache CloudStack before 4.5.2 does not properly preserve VNC passwords when migrating KVM virtual machines, which allows remote attackers to gain access by connecting to the VNC server.
Apache CloudStack before 4.5.2 might allow remote authenticated administrators to obtain sensitive password information for root accounts of virtual machines via unspecified vectors related to API calls.
Apache Directory LDAP API before 1.0.0-M31 allows attackers to conduct timing attacks via unspecified vectors.
The HTTP/2 experimental feature in Apache Traffic Server 5.3.x before 5.3.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds access and daemon crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via vectors related to the (1) frame_handlers array or (2) set_dynamic_table_size function.
The UI daemon in Apache Storm 0.10.0 before 0.10.0-beta1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors.
The svn_repos_trace_node_locations function in Apache Subversion before 1.7.21 and 1.8.x before 1.8.14, when path-based authorization is used, allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive path information by reading the history of a node that has been moved from a hidden path.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Ambari before 2.1.0 allows remote authenticated cluster operator users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the note field in a configuration change.
The ap_some_auth_required function in server/request.c in the Apache HTTP Server 2.4.x before 2.4.14 does not consider that a Require directive may be associated with an authorization setting rather than an authentication setting, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions in opportunistic circumstances by leveraging the presence of a module that relies on the 2.2 API behavior.
mod_authz_svn in Apache Subversion 1.7.x before 1.7.21 and 1.8.x before 1.8.14, when using Apache httpd 2.4.x, does not properly restrict anonymous access, which allows remote anonymous users to read hidden files via the path name.
The chunked transfer coding implementation in the Apache HTTP Server before 2.4.14 does not properly parse chunk headers, which allows remote attackers to conduct HTTP request smuggling attacks via a crafted request, related to mishandling of large chunk-size values and invalid chunk-extension characters in modules/http/http_filters.c.
Apache Struts before 2.3.20 has a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Apache Sling API before 2.2.2 and Apache Sling Servlets Post before 2.1.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the URI, related to (1) org/apache/sling/api/servlets/HtmlResponse and (2) org/apache/sling/servlets/post/HtmlResponse.
Apache HBase 0.98 before 0.98.12.1, 1.0 before 1.0.1.1, and 1.1 before 1.1.0.1, as used in IBM InfoSphere BigInsights 3.0, 3.0.0.1, and 3.0.0.2 and other products, uses incorrect ACLs for ZooKeeper coordination state, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon outage), obtain sensitive information, or modify data via unspecified client traffic.
Apache Cordova Android before 3.7.2 and 4.x before 4.0.2, when an application does not set explicit values in config.xml, allows remote attackers to modify undefined secondary configuration variables (preferences) via a crafted intent: URL.
XML external entity (XXE) vulnerability in Apache Jackrabbit before 2.0.6, 2.2.x before 2.2.14, 2.4.x before 2.4.6, 2.6.x before 2.6.6, 2.8.x before 2.8.1, and 2.10.x before 2.10.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and send requests to intranet servers via a crafted WebDAV request.
XML external entity (XXE) vulnerability in the SqlXmlUtil code in Apache Derby before 10.12.1.1, when a Java Security Manager is not in place, allows context-dependent attackers to read arbitrary files or cause a denial of service (resource consumption) via vectors involving XmlVTI and the XML datatype.
The default exclude patterns (excludeParams) in Apache Struts 2.3.20 allow remote attackers to "compromise internal state of an application" via unspecified vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the fileserver upload/download functionality for blob messages in Apache ActiveMQ 5.x before 5.11.2 for Windows allows remote attackers to create JSP files in arbitrary directories via unspecified vectors.
Apache Hadoop 2.6.x encrypts intermediate data generated by a MapReduce job and stores it along with the encryption key in a credentials file on disk when the Intermediate data encryption feature is enabled, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information by reading the file.
Server-side request forgery (SSRF) vulnerability in the proxy endpoint (api/v1/proxy) in Apache Ambari before 2.1.0 allows remote authenticated users to conduct port scans and access unsecured services via a crafted REST call.
The HWP filter in LibreOffice before 4.3.7 and 4.4.x before 4.4.2 and Apache OpenOffice before 4.1.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via a crafted HWP document, which triggers an out-of-bounds write.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in asdoc/templates/index.html in Apache Flex before 4.14.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML by providing a crafted URI to JavaScript code generated by the asdoc component.
The LDAP implementation in HiveServer2 in Apache Hive before 1.0.1 and 1.1.x before 1.1.1, as used in IBM InfoSphere BigInsights 3.0, 3.0.0.1, and 3.0.0.2 and other products, mishandles simple unauthenticated and anonymous bind configurations, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via a crafted LDAP request.
The MultiPageValidator implementation in Apache Struts 1 1.1 through 1.3.10 allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via a modified page parameter.
The Debian build procedure for the smokeping package in wheezy before 2.6.8-2+deb7u1 and jessie before 2.6.9-1+deb8u1 does not properly configure the way Apache httpd passes arguments to smokeping_cgi, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via crafted CGI arguments.
The Policy Admin Tool in Apache Ranger before 0.5.0 allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended access restrictions via direct access to module URLs.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Policy Admin Tool in Apache Ranger before 0.5.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the HTTP User-Agent header.
Multiple XML external entity (XXE) vulnerabilities in builder/xml/XPathBuilder.java in Apache Camel before 2.13.4 and 2.14.x before 2.14.2 allow remote attackers to read arbitrary files via an external entity in an invalid XML (1) String or (2) GenericFile object in an XPath query.
XML external entity (XXE) vulnerability in the XML converter setup in converter/jaxp/XmlConverter.java in Apache Camel before 2.13.4 and 2.14.x before 2.14.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via an external entity in an SAXSource.
Apache Standard Taglibs before 1.2.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or conduct external XML entity (XXE) attacks via a crafted XSLT extension in a (1) &lt;x:parse&gt; or (2) &lt;x:transform&gt; JSTL XML tag.
The read_request_line function in server/protocol.c in the Apache HTTP Server 2.4.12 does not initialize the protocol structure member, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and process crash) by sending a request that lacks a method to an installation that enables the INCLUDES filter and has an ErrorDocument 400 directive specifying a local URI.
internal/XMLReader.cpp in Apache Xerces-C before 3.1.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault and crash) via crafted XML data.
The mod_dav_svn server in Subversion 1.5.0 through 1.7.19 and 1.8.0 through 1.8.11 allows remote authenticated users to spoof the svn:author property via a crafted v1 HTTP protocol request sequences.
XML external entity (XXE) vulnerability in the SVG to (1) PNG and (2) JPG conversion classes in Apache Batik 1.x before 1.8 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files or cause a denial of service via a crafted SVG file.
The weblog page template in Apache Roller 5.1 through 5.1.1 allows remote authenticated users with admin privileges for a weblog to execute arbitrary Java code via crafted Velocity Text Language (aka VTL).
The lua_websocket_read function in lua_request.c in the mod_lua module in the Apache HTTP Server through 2.4.12 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (child-process crash) by sending a crafted WebSocket Ping frame after a Lua script has called the wsupgrade function.
Apache WSS4J before 1.6.17 and 2.x before 2.0.2 allows remote attackers to bypass the requireSignedEncryptedDataElements configuration via a vectors related to "wrapping attacks."
Apache WSS4J before 1.6.17 and 2.0.x before 2.0.2 improperly leaks information about decryption failures when decrypting an encrypted key or message data, which makes it easier for remote attackers to recover the plaintext form of a symmetric key via a series of crafted messages. NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2011-2487.
The default configuration in Apache Cassandra 1.2.0 through 1.2.19, 2.0.0 through 2.0.13, and 2.1.0 through 2.1.3 binds an unauthenticated JMX/RMI interface to all network interfaces, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Java code via an RMI request.
qpidd in Apache Qpid 0.30 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via a crafted protocol sequence set. NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2015-0203.
Unspecified vulnerability in Apache Qpid 0.30 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions on qpidd via unknown vectors, related to 0-10 connection handling.
The qpidd broker in Apache Qpid 0.30 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via an AMQP message with (1) an invalid range in a sequence set, (2) content-bearing methods other than message-transfer, or (3) a session-gap control before a corresponding session-attach.
The MakerBot Replicator 5G printer runs an Apache HTTP Server with directory indexing enabled. Apache logs, system logs, design files (i.e., a history of print files), and more are exposed to unauthenticated attackers through this HTTP server.
Apache CloudStack before 4.3.2 and 4.4.x before 4.4.2 allows remote attackers to obtain private keys via a listSslCerts API call.
HSLFSlideShow in Apache POI before 3.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop and deadlock) via a crafted PPT file.
Dozer improperly uses a reflection-based approach to type conversion, which might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted serialized object.
mod_wsgi before 4.2.4 for Apache, when creating a daemon process group, does not properly handle when group privileges cannot be dropped, which might allow attackers to gain privileges via unspecified vectors.
The mod_auth_mellon module before 0.8.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (Apache HTTP server crash) via a crafted logout request that triggers a read of uninitialized data.
Apache Santuario XML Security for Java 2.0.x before 2.0.3 allows remote attackers to bypass the streaming XML signature protection mechanism via a crafted XML document.
Apache Tomcat Connectors (mod_jk) before 1.2.41 ignores JkUnmount rules for subtrees of previous JkMount rules, which allows remote attackers to access otherwise restricted artifacts via unspecified vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the web based administration console in Apache ActiveMQ 5.x before 5.10.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
mod_lua.c in the mod_lua module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.3.x and 2.4.x through 2.4.10 does not support an httpd configuration in which the same Lua authorization provider is used with different arguments within different contexts, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions in opportunistic circumstances by leveraging multiple Require directives, as demonstrated by a configuration that specifies authorization for one group to access a certain directory, and authorization for a second group to access a second directory.
The mod_dav_svn Apache HTTPD server module in Apache Subversion 1.7.x before 1.7.19 and 1.8.x before 1.8.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and crash) via a request for a URI that triggers a lookup for a virtual transaction name that does not exist.
The Expression Language (EL) implementation in Apache Tomcat 6.x before 6.0.44, 7.x before 7.0.58, and 8.x before 8.0.16 does not properly consider the possibility of an accessible interface implemented by an inaccessible class, which allows attackers to bypass a SecurityManager protection mechanism via a web application that leverages use of incorrect privileges during EL evaluation.
Apache Struts 2.0.0 through 2.3.x before 2.3.20 uses predictable &lt;s:token/&gt; values, which allows remote attackers to bypass the CSRF protection mechanism.
Apache Wicket before 1.5.13, 6.x before 6.19.0, and 7.x before 7.0.0-M5 make it easier for attackers to defeat a cryptographic protection mechanism and predict encrypted URLs by leveraging use of CryptoMapper as the default encryption provider.
Apache CloudStack 4.3.x before 4.3.2 and 4.4.x before 4.4.2 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via a login request without a password, which triggers an unauthenticated bind.
lib/TWiki/Sandbox.pm in TWiki 6.0.0 and earlier, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions and upload files with restricted names via a null byte (%00) in a filename to bin/upload.cgi, as demonstrated using .htaccess to execute arbitrary code.
GNU Bash through 4.3 bash43-025 processes trailing strings after certain malformed function definitions in the values of environment variables, which allows remote attackers to write to files or possibly have unknown other impact via a crafted environment, as demonstrated by vectors involving the ForceCommand feature in OpenSSH sshd, the mod_cgi and mod_cgid modules in the Apache HTTP Server, scripts executed by unspecified DHCP clients, and other situations in which setting the environment occurs across a privilege boundary from Bash execution.  NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2014-6271.
GNU Bash through 4.3 bash43-026 does not properly parse function definitions in the values of environment variables, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted environment, as demonstrated by vectors involving the ForceCommand feature in OpenSSH sshd, the mod_cgi and mod_cgid modules in the Apache HTTP Server, scripts executed by unspecified DHCP clients, and other situations in which setting the environment occurs across a privilege boundary from Bash execution.  NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2014-6271, CVE-2014-7169, and CVE-2014-6277.
GNU Bash through 4.3 bash43-026 does not properly parse function definitions in the values of environment variables, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (uninitialized memory access, and untrusted-pointer read and write operations) via a crafted environment, as demonstrated by vectors involving the ForceCommand feature in OpenSSH sshd, the mod_cgi and mod_cgid modules in the Apache HTTP Server, scripts executed by unspecified DHCP clients, and other situations in which setting the environment occurs across a privilege boundary from Bash execution.  NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2014-6271 and CVE-2014-7169.
FusionForge before 5.3.2 use scripts that run under the shared Apache user, which is also used by project homepages by default. If project webpages are hosted on the same server than FusionForge, it can allow users to incorrectly access on-disk private data in FusionForge.
GNU Bash through 4.3 processes trailing strings after function definitions in the values of environment variables, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted environment, as demonstrated by vectors involving the ForceCommand feature in OpenSSH sshd, the mod_cgi and mod_cgid modules in the Apache HTTP Server, scripts executed by unspecified DHCP clients, and other situations in which setting the environment occurs across a privilege boundary from Bash execution, aka "ShellShock."  NOTE: the original fix for this issue was incorrect; CVE-2014-7169 has been assigned to cover the vulnerability that is still present after the incorrect fix.
GIGAPOD file servers (Appliance model and Software model) provide two web interfaces, 80/tcp and 443/tcp for user operation, and 8001/tcp for administrative operation. 8001/tcp is served by a version of Apache HTTP server containing a flaw in handling HTTP requests (CVE-2011-3192), which may lead to a denial-of-service (DoS) condition.
The phpinfo implementation in ext/standard/info.c in PHP before 5.4.30 and 5.5.x before 5.5.14 does not ensure use of the string data type for the PHP_AUTH_PW, PHP_AUTH_TYPE, PHP_AUTH_USER, and PHP_SELF variables, which might allow context-dependent attackers to obtain sensitive information from process memory by using the integer data type with crafted values, related to a "type confusion" vulnerability, as demonstrated by reading a private SSL key in an Apache HTTP Server web-hosting environment with mod_ssl and a PHP 5.3.x mod_php.
XML external entity (XXE) vulnerability in the XML Exchange module in Apache Qpid 0.30 allows remote attackers to cause outgoing HTTP connections via a crafted message.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Admin UI Plugin / Stats page in Apache Solr 4.x before 4.10.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the fieldvaluecache object.
The YARN NodeManager daemon in Apache Hadoop 0.23.0 through 0.23.11 and 2.x before 2.5.2, when using Kerberos authentication, allows remote cluster users to change the permissions of certain files to world-readable via a symlink attack in a public tar archive, which is not properly handled during localization, related to distributed cache.
Apache Traffic Server 5.1.x before 5.1.1 allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions by leveraging failure to properly tunnel remap requests using CONNECT.
Apache WSS4J before 1.6.17 and 2.x before 2.0.2, as used in Apache CXF 2.7.x before 2.7.13 and 3.0.x before 3.0.2, when using TransportBinding, does not properly enforce the SAML SubjectConfirmation method security semantics, which allows remote attackers to conduct spoofing attacks via unspecified vectors.
The LDAPLoginModule implementation in the Java Authentication and Authorization Service (JAAS) in Apache ActiveMQ 5.x before 5.10.1 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication by logging in with an empty password and valid username, which triggers an unauthenticated bind. NOTE: this identifier has been SPLIT per ADT2 due to different vulnerability types. See CVE-2015-6524 for the use of wildcard operators in usernames.
XML external entity (XXE) vulnerability in Apache ActiveMQ 5.x before 5.10.1 allows remote consumers to have unspecified impact via vectors involving an XPath based selector when dequeuing XML messages.
The getCN function in Apache Axis 1.4 and earlier does not properly verify that the server hostname matches a domain name in the subject's Common Name (CN) or subjectAltName field of the X.509 certificate, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof SSL servers via a certificate with a subject that specifies a common name in a field that is not the CN field. NOTE: this issue exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2012-5784.
The SamlHeaderInHandler in Apache CXF before 2.6.11, 2.7.x before 2.7.8, and 3.0.x before 3.0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via a crafted SAML token in the authorization header of a request to a JAX-RS service.
The handle_headers function in mod_proxy_fcgi.c in the mod_proxy_fcgi module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.4.10 allows remote FastCGI servers to cause a denial of service (buffer over-read and daemon crash) via long response headers.
The cache_merge_headers_out function in modules/cache/cache_util.c in the mod_cache module in the Apache HTTP Server before 2.4.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and application crash) via an empty HTTP Content-Type header.
The mod_dav_svn Apache HTTPD server module in Apache Subversion 1.x before 1.7.19 and 1.8.x before 1.8.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and server crash) via a REPORT request for a resource that does not exist.
XML external entity (XXE) vulnerability in Apache ActiveMQ Apollo 1.x before 1.7.1 allows remote consumers to have unspecified impact via vectors involving an XPath based selector when dequeuing XML messages.
org.apache.http.conn.ssl.AbstractVerifier in Apache HttpComponents HttpClient before 4.3.5 and HttpAsyncClient before 4.0.2 does not properly verify that the server hostname matches a domain name in the subject's Common Name (CN) or subjectAltName field of the X.509 certificate, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof SSL servers via a "CN=" string in a field in the distinguished name (DN) of a certificate, as demonstrated by the "foo,CN=www.apache.org" string in the O field.
The processControlCommand function in broker/TransportConnection.java in Apache ActiveMQ before 5.11.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (shutdown) via a shutdown command.
The OLE preview generation in Apache OpenOffice before 4.1.1 and OpenOffice.org (OOo) might allow remote attackers to embed arbitrary data into documents via crafted OLE objects.
Apache POI before 3.10.1 and 3.11.x before 3.11-beta2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption and crash) via a crafted OOXML file, aka an XML Entity Expansion (XEE) attack.
The OPC SAX setup in Apache POI before 3.10.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via an OpenXML file containing an XML external entity declaration in conjunction with an entity reference, related to an XML External Entity (XXE) issue.
Apache Subversion 1.0.0 through 1.7.x before 1.7.17 and 1.8.x before 1.8.10 uses an MD5 hash of the URL and authentication realm to store cached credentials, which makes it easier for remote servers to obtain the credentials via a crafted authentication realm.
Apache Wicket before 1.5.12, 6.x before 6.17.0, and 7.x before 7.0.0-M3 might allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via vectors involving identifiers for storing page markup for temporary user sessions.
Unspecified vulnerability in Apache Traffic Server 3.x through 3.2.5, 4.x before 4.2.1.1, and 5.x before 5.0.1 has unknown impact and attack vectors, possibly related to health checks.
Apache OpenOffice before 4.1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands and possibly have other unspecified impact via a crafted Calc spreadsheet.
Memory leak in the winnt_accept function in server/mpm/winnt/child.c in the WinNT MPM in the Apache HTTP Server 2.4.x before 2.4.10 on Windows, when the default AcceptFilter is enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via crafted requests.
The Serf RA layer in Apache Subversion 1.4.0 through 1.7.x before 1.7.18 and 1.8.x before 1.8.10 does not properly handle wildcards in the Common Name (CN) or subjectAltName field of the X.509 certificate, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers via a crafted certificate.
Apache Syncope 1.1.x before 1.1.8 uses weak random values to generate passwords, which makes it easier for remote attackers to guess the password via a brute force attack.
Apache Cordova Android before 3.5.1 allows remote attackers to open and send data to arbitrary applications via a URL with a crafted URI scheme for an Android intent.
Apache Cordova Android before 3.5.1 allows remote attackers to bypass the HTTP whitelist and connect to arbitrary servers by using JavaScript to open WebSocket connections through WebView.
Apache Cordova Android before 3.5.1 allows remote attackers to change the start page via a crafted intent URL.
The default vhost configuration file in Puppet before 3.6.2 does not include the SSLCARevocationCheck directive, which might allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a revoked certificate when a Puppet master runs with Apache 2.4.
Apache CouchDB 1.5.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU and memory consumption) via the count parameter to /_uuids.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP IceWall Identity Manager 4.0 through SP1 and 5.0 and IceWall SSO 10.0 Password Reset Option, when Apache Commons FileUpload is used, allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
Cisco Secure Access Control Server (ACS) provides an unintentional administration web interface based on Apache Tomcat, which allows remote authenticated users to modify application files and configuration files, and consequently execute arbitrary code, by leveraging administrative privileges, aka Bug ID CSCuj83189.
Apache Tapestry before 5.3.6 relies on client-side object storage without checking whether a client has modified an object, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource consumption) or execute arbitrary code via crafted serialized data.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in the (1) staff interface help editor (edithelp.pl) or (2) member-picupload.pl in Koha before 3.8.23, 3.10.x before 3.10.13, 3.12.x before 3.12.10, and 3.14.x before 3.14.3 allow remote attackers to write to arbitrary files via unspecified vectors.
The DrinkedIn BarFinder application for Android, when Adobe PhoneGap 2.9.0 or earlier is used, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary JavaScript code, and consequently obtain sensitive fine-geolocation information, by leveraging control over one of a number of adult sites, as demonstrated by (1) freelifetimecheating.com and (2) www.babesroulette.com.
The Edinburgh by Bus application for Android, when Adobe PhoneGap 2.9.0 or earlier is used, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary JavaScript code, and consequently access external-storage resources, by leveraging control over one of a number of "obscure Eastern European dating sites."
The ForzeArmate application for Android, when Adobe PhoneGap 2.9.0 or earlier is used, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary JavaScript code, and consequently obtain write access to external-storage resources, by leveraging control over any Google syndication advertising domain.
Apache Cordova 3.3.0 and earlier and Adobe PhoneGap 2.9.0 and earlier on Windows Phone 7 and 8 do not properly restrict navigation events, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended device-resource restrictions via content that is accessed (1) in an IFRAME element or (2) with the XMLHttpRequest method by a crafted application.
Adobe PhoneGap before 2.6.0 on Android uses the shouldOverrideUrlLoading callback instead of the proper shouldInterceptRequest callback, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended device-resource restrictions via content that is accessed (1) in an IFRAME element or (2) with the XMLHttpRequest method by a crafted application.
Apache Cordova 3.3.0 and earlier and Adobe PhoneGap 2.9.0 and earlier allow remote attackers to bypass intended device-resource restrictions of an event-based bridge via a crafted library clone that leverages IFRAME script execution and directly accesses bridge JavaScript objects, as demonstrated by certain cordova.require calls.
Apache Cordova 3.3.0 and earlier and Adobe PhoneGap 2.9.0 and earlier allow remote attackers to bypass intended device-resource restrictions of an event-based bridge via a crafted library clone that leverages IFRAME script execution and waits a certain amount of time for an OnJsPrompt handler return value as an alternative to correct synchronization.
Apache Traffic Server before 5.1.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unspecified vectors, related to internal buffer sizing.
The (1) ssl.conf and (2) httpd.conf files in the Apache HTTP Server component in IBM Netezza Performance Portal 2.0 before 2.0.0.4 have weak SSLCipherSuite values, which makes it easier for remote attackers to defeat cryptographic protection mechanisms via a brute-force attack.
mod_wsgi module before 3.4 for Apache, when used in embedded mode, might allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via the Content-Type header which is generated from memory that may have been freed and then overwritten by a separate thread.
The mod_wsgi module before 3.5 for Apache, when daemon mode is enabled, does not properly handle error codes returned by setuid when run on certain Linux kernels, which allows local users to gain privileges via vectors related to the number of running processes.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in framework/common/webcommon/includes/messages.ftl in Apache OFBiz 11.04.01 before 11.04.05 and 12.04.01 before 12.04.04 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors, which are not properly handled in a (1) result or (2) error message.
The mod_cgid module in the Apache HTTP Server before 2.4.10 does not have a timeout mechanism, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (process hang) via a request to a CGI script that does not read from its stdin file descriptor.
Apache Tomcat 6.x before 6.0.44, 7.x before 7.0.55, and 8.x before 8.0.9 does not properly handle cases where an HTTP response occurs before finishing the reading of an entire request body, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (thread consumption) via a series of aborted upload attempts.
Apache Hadoop 0.23.x before 0.23.11 and 2.x before 2.4.1, as used in Cloudera CDH 5.0.x before 5.0.2, do not check authorization for the (1) refreshNamenodes, (2) deleteBlockPool, and (3) shutdownDatanode HDFS admin commands, which allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (DataNodes shutdown) or perform unnecessary operations by issuing a command.
Apache Hive before 0.13.1, when in SQL standards based authorization mode, does not properly check the file permissions for (1) import and (2) export statements, which allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information via a crafted URI.
java/org/apache/coyote/http11/filters/ChunkedInputFilter.java in Apache Tomcat 6.x before 6.0.42, 7.x before 7.0.55, and 8.x before 8.0.9 does not properly handle attempts to continue reading data after an error has occurred, which allows remote attackers to conduct HTTP request smuggling attacks or cause a denial of service (resource consumption) by streaming data with malformed chunked transfer coding.
Race condition in the mod_status module in the Apache HTTP Server before 2.4.10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (heap-based buffer overflow), or possibly obtain sensitive credential information or execute arbitrary code, via a crafted request that triggers improper scoreboard handling within the status_handler function in modules/generators/mod_status.c and the lua_ap_scoreboard_worker function in modules/lua/lua_request.c.
Apache Karaf before 4.0.10 enables a shutdown port on the loopback interface, which allows local users to cause a denial of service (shutdown) by sending a shutdown command to all listening high ports.
A certain tomcat7 package for Apache Tomcat 7 in Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 7 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a crafted request. NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an unspecified regression.
Apache Tomcat before 6.0.40, 7.x before 7.0.54, and 8.x before 8.0.6 does not properly constrain the class loader that accesses the XML parser used with an XSLT stylesheet, which allows remote attackers to (1) read arbitrary files via a crafted web application that provides an XML external entity declaration in conjunction with an entity reference, related to an XML External Entity (XXE) issue, or (2) read files associated with different web applications on a single Tomcat instance via a crafted web application.
The deflate_in_filter function in mod_deflate.c in the mod_deflate module in the Apache HTTP Server before 2.4.10, when request body decompression is enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource consumption) via crafted request data that decompresses to a much larger size.
The mod_proxy module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.4.x before 2.4.10, when a reverse proxy is enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (child-process crash) via a crafted HTTP Connection header.
CookieInterceptor in Apache Struts 2.x before 2.3.20, when a wildcard cookiesName value is used, does not properly restrict access to the getClass method, which allows remote attackers to "manipulate" the ClassLoader and modify session state via a crafted request. NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2014-0113.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the log viewer in Apache Storm 0.9.0.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the file parameter to log.
Apache Commons BeanUtils, as distributed in lib/commons-beanutils-1.8.0.jar in Apache Struts 1.x through 1.3.10 and in other products requiring commons-beanutils through 1.9.2, does not suppress the class property, which allows remote attackers to "manipulate" the ClassLoader and execute arbitrary code via the class parameter, as demonstrated by the passing of this parameter to the getClass method of the ActionForm object in Struts 1.
CookieInterceptor in Apache Struts before 2.3.20, when a wildcard cookiesName value is used, does not properly restrict access to the getClass method, which allows remote attackers to "manipulate" the ClassLoader and execute arbitrary code via a crafted request. NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2014-0094.
ParametersInterceptor in Apache Struts before 2.3.20 does not properly restrict access to the getClass method, which allows remote attackers to "manipulate" the ClassLoader and execute arbitrary code via a crafted request. NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2014-0094.
Apache Syncope 1.0.0 before 1.0.9 and 1.1.0 before 1.1.7 allows remote administrators to execute arbitrary Java code via vectors related to Apache Commons JEXL expressions, "derived schema definition," "user / role templates," and "account links of resource mappings."
Apache CXF before 2.6.14 and 2.7.x before 2.7.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (/tmp disk consumption) via a large invalid SOAP message.
Apache CXF before 2.6.14 and 2.7.x before 2.7.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via a large request with the Content-Type set to text/html to a SOAP endpoint, which triggers an error.
The TransformerFactory in Apache Xalan-Java before 2.7.2 does not properly restrict access to certain properties when FEATURE_SECURE_PROCESSING is enabled, which allows remote attackers to bypass expected restrictions and load arbitrary classes or access external resources via a crafted (1) xalan:content-header, (2) xalan:entities, (3) xslt:content-header, or (4) xslt:entities property, or a Java property that is bound to the XSLT 1.0 system-property function.
WebAccess in Zarafa before 7.1.10 and WebApp before 1.6 stores credentials in cleartext, which allows local Apache users to obtain sensitive information by reading the PHP session files.
Integer overflow in java/org/apache/tomcat/util/buf/Ascii.java in Apache Tomcat before 6.0.40, 7.x before 7.0.53, and 8.x before 8.0.4, when operated behind a reverse proxy, allows remote attackers to conduct HTTP request smuggling attacks via a crafted Content-Length HTTP header.
The log_cookie function in mod_log_config.c in the mod_log_config module in the Apache HTTP Server before 2.4.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault and daemon crash) via a crafted cookie that is not properly handled during truncation.
java/org/apache/catalina/servlets/DefaultServlet.java in the default servlet in Apache Tomcat before 6.0.40, 7.x before 7.0.53, and 8.x before 8.0.4 does not properly restrict XSLT stylesheets, which allows remote attackers to bypass security-manager restrictions and read arbitrary files via a crafted web application that provides an XML external entity declaration in conjunction with an entity reference, related to an XML External Entity (XXE) issue.
java/org/apache/coyote/ajp/AbstractAjpProcessor.java in Apache Tomcat 8.x before 8.0.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (thread consumption) by using a "Content-Length: 0" AJP request to trigger a hang in request processing.
The ParametersInterceptor in Apache Struts before 2.3.16.2 allows remote attackers to "manipulate" the ClassLoader via the class parameter, which is passed to the getClass method.
JBoss Fuse did not enable encrypted passwords by default in its usage of Apache Zookeeper. This permitted sensitive information disclosure via logging to local users. Note: this description has been updated; previous text mistakenly identified the source of the flaw as Zookeeper. Previous text: Apache Zookeeper logs cleartext admin passwords, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information by reading the log.
Integer overflow in the parseChunkHeader function in java/org/apache/coyote/http11/filters/ChunkedInputFilter.java in Apache Tomcat before 6.0.40, 7.x before 7.0.53, and 8.x before 8.0.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource consumption) via a malformed chunk size in chunked transfer coding of a request during the streaming of data.
Apache Shiro 1.x before 1.2.3, when using an LDAP server with unauthenticated bind enabled, allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via an empty (1) username or (2) password.
The CDVInAppBrowser class in the Apache Cordova In-App-Browser standalone plugin (org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser) before 0.3.2 for iOS and the In-App-Browser plugin for iOS from Cordova 2.6.0 through 2.9.0 does not properly validate callback identifiers, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary JavaScript in the host page and consequently gain privileges via a crafted gap-iab: URI.
ios/CDVFileTransfer.m in the Apache Cordova File-Transfer standalone plugin (org.apache.cordova.file-transfer) before 0.4.2 for iOS and the File-Transfer plugin for iOS from Cordova 2.4.0 through 2.9.0 might allow remote attackers to spoof SSL servers by leveraging a default value of true for the trustAllHosts option.
MultipartStream.java in Apache Commons FileUpload before 1.3.1, as used in Apache Tomcat, JBoss Web, and other products, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop and CPU consumption) via a crafted Content-Type header that bypasses a loop's intended exit conditions.
In Apache Wicket 1.5.10 or 6.13.0, by issuing requests to special urls handled by Wicket, it is possible to check for the existence of particular classes in the classpath and thus check whether a third party library with a known security vulnerability is in use.
The SymmetricBinding in Apache CXF before 2.6.13 and 2.7.x before 2.7.10, when EncryptBeforeSigning is enabled and the UsernameToken policy is set to an EncryptedSupportingToken, transmits the UsernameToken in cleartext, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information by sniffing the network.
The SecurityTokenService (STS) in Apache CXF before 2.6.12 and 2.7.x before 2.7.9 does not properly validate SAML tokens when caching is enabled, which allows remote attackers to gain access via an invalid SAML token.
org/apache/catalina/connector/CoyoteAdapter.java in Apache Tomcat 6.0.33 through 6.0.37 does not consider the disableURLRewriting setting when handling a session ID in a URL, which allows remote attackers to conduct session fixation attacks via a crafted URL.
The get_resource function in repos.c in the mod_dav_svn module in Apache Subversion before 1.7.15 and 1.8.x before 1.8.6, when SVNListParentPath is enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via vectors related to the server root and request methods other than GET, as demonstrated by the "svn ls http://svn.example.com" command.
The (1) ListNetworkACL and (2) listNetworkACLLists APIs in Apache CloudStack before 4.2.1 allow remote authenticated users to list network ACLS for other users via a crafted request.
The XML-RPC protocol support in Apache Roller before 5.0.3 allows attackers to conduct XML External Entity (XXE) attacks via unspecified vectors.
The XSLT component in Apache Camel 2.11.x before 2.11.4, 2.12.x before 2.12.3, and possibly earlier versions allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Java methods via a crafted message.
The XSLT component in Apache Camel before 2.11.4 and 2.12.x before 2.12.3 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and possibly have other unspecified impact via an XML document containing an external entity declaration in conjunction with an entity reference, related to an XML External Entity (XXE) issue.
The engineNextBytes function in classlib/modules/security/src/main/java/common/org/apache/harmony/security/provider/crypto/SHA1PRNG_SecureRandomImpl.java in the SecureRandom implementation in Apache Harmony through 6.0M3, as used in the Java Cryptography Architecture (JCA) in Android before 4.4 and other products, when no seed is provided by the user, uses an incorrect offset value, which makes it easier for attackers to defeat cryptographic protection mechanisms by leveraging the resulting PRNG predictability, as exploited in the wild against Bitcoin wallet applications in August 2013.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in askapache-firefox-adsense.php in the AskApache Firefox Adsense plugin 3.0 and earlier for WordPress allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks via the aafireadcode parameter to wp-admin/options-general.php.
The ssl_get_algorithm2 function in ssl/s3_lib.c in OpenSSL before 1.0.2 obtains a certain version number from an incorrect data structure, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via crafted traffic from a TLS 1.2 client.
The dav_xml_get_cdata function in main/util.c in the mod_dav module in the Apache HTTP Server before 2.4.8 does not properly remove whitespace characters from CDATA sections, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via a crafted DAV WRITE request.
The DocumentAnalysisRequestHandler in Apache Solr before 4.3.1 does not properly use the EmptyEntityResolver, which allows remote attackers to have an unspecified impact via XML data containing an external entity declaration in conjunction with an entity reference, related to an XML External Entity (XXE) issue. NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2013-6407.
The UpdateRequestHandler for XML in Apache Solr before 4.1 allows remote attackers to have an unspecified impact via XML data containing an external entity declaration in conjunction with an entity reference, related to an XML External Entity (XXE) issue.
The virtual router in Apache CloudStack before 4.2.1 does not preserve the source restrictions in firewall rules after being restarted, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended restrictions via a request.
Directory traversal vulnerability in SolrResourceLoader in Apache Solr before 4.6 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) or full pathname in the tr parameter to solr/select/, when the response writer (wt parameter) is set to XSLT. NOTE: this can be leveraged using a separate XXE (XML eXternal Entity) vulnerability to allow access to files across restricted network boundaries.
** DISPUTED ** Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Manager application in Apache Tomcat 5.5.25 and earlier allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that manipulate application deployment via the POST method, as demonstrated by a /manager/html/undeploy?path= URI.  NOTE: the vendor disputes the significance of this report, stating that "the Apache Tomcat Security team has not accepted any reports of CSRF attacks against the Manager application ... as they require a reckless system administrator."
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Apache Struts 2.3.15.3 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the namespace parameter to (1) actionNames.action and (2) showConfig.action in config-browser/.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Apache Solr for TYPO3 (solr) extension before 2.8.3 for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Apache Solr for TYPO3 (solr) extension before 2.8.3 for TYPO3 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors, related to "Insecure Unserialize."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the mod_pagespeed module 0.x, 1.0.22.7, 1.1.x, 1.24.1, 1.3.25.1 through 1.3.25.4, 1.4.26.1 through 1.4.26.4, 1.5.27.1 through 1.5.27.3, and 1.6.29.1 through 1.6.29.6 for the Apache HTTP Server allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Techstack component in Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality via unknown vectors related to Apache.
apache2/modsecurity.c in ModSecurity before 2.7.6 allows remote attackers to bypass rules by using chunked transfer coding with a capitalized Chunked value in the Transfer-Encoding HTTP header.
The mod_headers module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.22 allows remote attackers to bypass "RequestHeader unset" directives by placing a header in the trailer portion of data sent with chunked transfer coding.  NOTE: the vendor states "this is not a security issue in httpd as such."
SQL injection vulnerability in mod_accounting.c in the mod_accounting module 0.5 and earlier for Apache allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via a Host header.
Puppet Enterprise before 3.0.1 includes version information for the Apache and Phusion Passenger products in its HTTP response headers, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information.
The default configuration of Parallels Plesk Panel 9.0.x and 9.2.x on UNIX, and Small Business Panel 10.x on UNIX, has an improper ScriptAlias directive for phppath, which makes it easier for remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted request, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-1823.
Apache Tomcat before 6.0.39, 7.x before 7.0.50, and 8.x before 8.0.0-RC10 allows attackers to obtain "Tomcat internals" information by leveraging the presence of an untrusted web application with a context.xml, web.xml, *.jspx, *.tagx, or *.tld XML document containing an external entity declaration in conjunction with an entity reference, related to an XML External Entity (XXE) issue.
The get_parent_resource function in repos.c in mod_dav_svn Apache HTTPD server module in Subversion 1.7.11 through 1.7.13 and 1.8.1 through 1.8.4, when built with assertions enabled and SVNAutoversioning is enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (assertion failure and Apache process abort) via a non-canonical URL in a request, as demonstrated using a trailing /.
Apache Santuario XML Security for Java before 1.5.6, when applying Transforms, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via crafted Document Type Definitions (DTDs), related to signatures.
The is_this_legal function in mod_dontdothat for Apache Subversion 1.4.0 through 1.7.13 and 1.8.0 through 1.8.4 allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions and possibly cause a denial of service (resource consumption) via a relative URL in a REPORT request.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in Apache Tomcat 7.x before 7.0.40, in certain situations involving outdated java.io.File code and a custom JMX configuration, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by uploading and accessing a JSP file.
Open redirect vulnerability in the AbstractAuthenticationFormServlet in the Auth Core (org.apache.sling.auth.core) bundle before 1.1.4 in Apache Sling allows remote attackers to redirect users to arbitrary web sites and conduct phishing attacks via a URL in the resource parameter, related to "a custom login form and XSS."
http/impl/client/HttpClientBuilder.java in Apache HttpClient 4.3.x before 4.3.1 does not ensure that X509HostnameVerifier is not null, which allows attackers to have unspecified impact via vectors involving hostname verification.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the fcgid_header_bucket_read function in fcgid_bucket.c in the mod_fcgid module before 2.3.9 for the Apache HTTP Server allows remote attackers to have an unspecified impact via unknown vectors.
The cache_invalidate function in modules/cache/cache_storage.c in the mod_cache module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.4.6, when a caching forward proxy is enabled, allows remote HTTP servers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and daemon crash) via vectors that trigger a missing hostname value.
Apache Camel before 2.9.7, 2.10.0 before 2.10.7, 2.11.0 before 2.11.2, and 2.12.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary simple language expressions by including "$simple{}" in a CamelFileName message header to a (1) FILE or (2) FTP producer.
Apache Tomcat before 6.0.39, 7.x before 7.0.50, and 8.x before 8.0.0-RC10 processes chunked transfer coding without properly handling (1) a large total amount of chunked data or (2) whitespace characters in an HTTP header value within a trailer field, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by streaming data.  NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2012-3544.
In Apache CloudStack 4.1.0 and 4.1.1, when calling the CloudStack API call listProjectAccounts as a regular, non-administrative user, the user is able to see information for accounts other than their own.
Apache Struts 2.0.0 through 2.3.15.1 enables Dynamic Method Invocation by default, which has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Apache Struts 2.0.0 through 2.3.15.1 allows remote attackers to bypass access controls via a crafted action: prefix.
The gadget renderer in Apache Shindig 2.5.0 for PHP allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via an XML document containing an external entity declaration in conjunction with an entity reference, related to an XML External Entity (XXE) issue.
Apache Tomcat before 6.0.39, 7.x before 7.0.47, and 8.x before 8.0.0-RC3, when an HTTP connector or AJP connector is used, does not properly handle certain inconsistent HTTP request headers, which allows remote attackers to trigger incorrect identification of a request's length and conduct request-smuggling attacks via (1) multiple Content-Length headers or (2) a Content-Length header and a "Transfer-Encoding: chunked" header.  NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2005-2090.
Svnserve in Apache Subversion 1.4.0 through 1.7.12 and 1.8.0 through 1.8.1 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files or kill arbitrary processes via a symlink attack on the file specified by the --pid-file option.
OpenStack Compute (Nova) Folsom, Grizzly, and earlier, when using Apache Qpid for the RPC backend, does not properly handle errors that occur during messaging, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (connection pool consumption), as demonstrated using multiple requests that send long strings to an instance console and retrieving the console log.
libsvn_fs_fs/fs_fs.c in Apache Subversion 1.8.x before 1.8.2 might allow remote authenticated users with commit access to corrupt FSFS repositories and cause a denial of service or obtain sensitive information by editing packed revision properties.
Certain getText methods in the ActionSupport controller in Apache Roller before 5.0.2 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary OGNL expressions via the first or second parameter, as demonstrated by the pageTitle parameter in the !getPageTitle sub-URL to roller-ui/login.rol, which uses a subclass of UIAction, aka "OGNL Injection."
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Apache Roller before 5.0.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via vectors related to the search results in the (1) RSS and (2) Atom feed templates.
Apache OpenOffice.org (OOo) before 4.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via a crafted element in an OOXML document file.
The mod_dav_svn Apache HTTPD server module in Subversion 1.7.0 through 1.7.10 and 1.8.x before 1.8.1 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (assertion failure or out-of-bounds read) via a certain (1) COPY, (2) DELETE, or (3) MOVE request against a revision root.
XMLscanner.java in Apache Xerces2 Java Parser before 2.12.0, as used in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in IBM Java 5.0 before 5.0 SR16-FP3, 6 before 6 SR14, 6.0.1 before 6.0.1 SR6, and 7 before 7 SR5 as well as Oracle Java SE 7u40 and earlier, Java SE 6u60 and earlier, Java SE 5.0u51 and earlier, JRockit R28.2.8 and earlier, JRockit R27.7.6 and earlier, Java SE Embedded 7u40 and earlier, and possibly other products allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via vectors related to XML attribute names.
The MobileUI (aka RT-Extension-MobileUI) extension before 1.04 in Request Tracker (RT) 4.0.0 before 4.0.13, when using the file-based session store (Apache::Session::File) and certain authentication extensions, allows remote attackers to reuse unauthorized sessions and obtain user preferences and caches via unspecified vectors.
ginkgosnmp.inc in HP System Management Homepage (SMH) allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the PATH_INFO to smhutil/snmpchp.php.en.
Unspecified vulnerability in Request Tracker (RT) 3.8.x before 3.8.17 and 4.0.x before 4.0.13, when using the Apache::Session::File session store, allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information (user preferences and caches) via unknown vectors, related to a "limited session re-use."
phpMyAdmin 3.5.x before 3.5.8 and 4.x before 4.0.0-rc3, when a SaveDir directory is configured, allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code by using a double extension in the filename of an export file, leading to interpretation of this file as an executable file by the Apache HTTP Server, as demonstrated by a .php.sql filename.
The web console in Apache ActiveMQ before 5.8.0 does not require authentication, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information or cause a denial of service via HTTP requests.
The ModSecurity module before 2.7.4 for the Apache HTTP Server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference, process crash, and disk consumption) via a POST request with a large body and a crafted Content-Type header.
Apache CloudStack 4.0.0 before 4.0.2 and Citrix CloudPlatform (formerly Citrix CloudStack) 3.0.x before 3.0.6 Patch C uses a hash of a predictable sequence, which makes it easier for remote attackers to guess the console access URL via a brute force attack.
Apache CloudStack 4.0.0 before 4.0.2 and Citrix CloudPlatform (formerly Citrix CloudStack) 3.0.x before 3.0.6 Patch C allows remote attackers to bypass the console proxy authentication by leveraging knowledge of the source code.
The deepGetOrCreateNode function in impl/operations/AbstractCreateOperation.java in org.apache.sling.servlets.post.bundle 2.2.0 and 2.3.0 in Apache Sling does not properly handle a NULL value that returned when the session does not have permissions to the root node, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via unspecified vectors.
Apache Struts 2.0.0 through 2.3.15 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary OGNL expressions via a parameter with a crafted (1) action:, (2) redirect:, or (3) redirectAction: prefix.
Apache Open For Business Project (aka OFBiz) 10.04.01 through 10.04.05, 11.04.01 through 11.04.02, and 12.04.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Unified Expression Language (UEL) functions via JUEL metacharacters in unspecified parameters, related to nested expressions.
mod_session_dbd.c in the mod_session_dbd module in the Apache HTTP Server before 2.4.5 proceeds with save operations for a session without considering the dirty flag and the requirement for a new session ID, which has unspecified impact and remote attack vectors.
Multiple open redirect vulnerabilities in Apache Struts 2.0.0 through 2.3.15 allow remote attackers to redirect users to arbitrary web sites and conduct phishing attacks via a URL in a parameter using the (1) redirect: or (2) redirectAction: prefix.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the XML Signature Reference functionality in Apache Santuario XML Security for C++ (aka xml-security-c) before 1.7.2 allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via malformed XPointer expressions. NOTE: this is due to an incorrect fix for CVE-2013-2154.
Apache HBase 0.92.x before 0.92.3 and 0.94.x before 0.94.9, when the Kerberos features are enabled, allows man-in-the-middle attackers to disable bidirectional authentication and obtain sensitive information via unspecified vectors.
The RPC protocol implementation in Apache Hadoop 2.x before 2.0.6-alpha, 0.23.x before 0.23.9, and 1.x before 1.2.1, when the Kerberos security features are enabled, allows man-in-the-middle attackers to disable bidirectional authentication and obtain sensitive information by forcing a downgrade to simple authentication.
Apache OpenOffice.org (OOo) before 4.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) or possibly have unspecified other impact via invalid PLCF data in a DOC document file.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Archiva 1.2 through 1.2.2 and 1.3 before 1.3.8 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified parameters, related to the home page.
The DiskFileItem class in Apache Commons FileUpload, as used in Red Hat JBoss BRMS 5.3.1; JBoss Portal 4.3 CP07, 5.2.2, and 6.0.0; and Red Hat JBoss Web Server 1.0.2 allows remote attackers to write to arbitrary files via a NULL byte in a file name in a serialized instance.
** DISPUTED ** The readObject method in the DiskFileItem class in Apache Tomcat and JBoss Web, as used in Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform 6.1.0 and Red Hat JBoss Portal 6.0.0, allows remote attackers to write to arbitrary files via a NULL byte in a file name in a serialized instance, a similar issue to CVE-2013-2186.  NOTE: this issue is reportedly disputed by the Apache Tomcat team, although Red Hat considers it a vulnerability. The dispute appears to regard whether it is the responsibility of applications to avoid providing untrusted data to be deserialized, or whether this class should inherently protect against this issue.
The apache-auth.conf, apache-nohome.conf, apache-noscript.conf, and apache-overflows.conf files in Fail2ban before 0.8.10 do not properly validate log messages, which allows remote attackers to block arbitrary IP addresses via certain messages in a request.
jcp/xml/dsig/internal/dom/DOMCanonicalizationMethod.java in Apache Santuario XML Security for Java 1.4.x before 1.4.8 and 1.5.x before 1.5.5 allows context-dependent attackers to spoof an XML Signature by using the CanonicalizationMethod parameter to specify an arbitrary weak "canonicalization algorithm to apply to the SignedInfo part of the Signature."
The streaming XML parser in Apache CXF 2.5.x before 2.5.10, 2.6.x before 2.6.7, and 2.7.x before 2.7.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU and memory consumption) via crafted XML with a large number of (1) elements, (2) attributes, (3) nested constructs, and possibly other vectors.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the Exclusive Canonicalization functionality (xsec/canon/XSECC14n20010315.cpp) in Apache Santuario XML Security for C++ (aka xml-security-c) before 1.7.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a crafted PrefixList attribute.
Apache Santuario XML Security for C++ (aka xml-security-c) before 1.7.1 does not properly validate length values, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or bypass the CVE-2009-0217 protection mechanism and spoof a signature via crafted length values to the (1) compareBase64StringToRaw, (2) DSIGAlgorithmHandlerDefault, or (3) DSIGAlgorithmHandlerDefault::verify functions.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the XML Signature Reference functionality (xsec/dsig/DSIGReference.cpp) in Apache Santuario XML Security for C++ (aka xml-security-c) before 1.7.1 allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via malformed XPointer expressions, probably related to the DSIGReference::getURIBaseTXFM function.
The XML digital signature functionality (xsec/dsig/DSIGReference.cpp) in Apache Santuario XML Security for C++ (aka xml-security-c) before 1.7.1 allows context-dependent attackers to reuse signatures and spoof arbitrary content via crafted Reference elements in the Signature, aka "XML Signature Bypass issue."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the "View Log" screen in the Webtools application in Apache Open For Business Project (aka OFBiz) 10.04.01 through 10.04.05, 11.04.01 through 11.04.02, and 12.04.01 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Apache CloudStack before 4.1.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) Physical network name to the Zone wizard; (2) New network name, (3) instance name, or (4) group to the Instance wizard; (5) unspecified "multi-edit fields;" and (6) unspecified "list view" edit fields related to global settings.
Apache Struts 2 before 2.3.14.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary OGNL code via a request with a crafted value that contains both "${}" and "%{}" sequences, which causes the OGNL code to be evaluated twice.
Apache Struts 2 before 2.3.14.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary OGNL code via a request with a crafted action name that is not properly handled during wildcard matching, a different vulnerability than CVE-2013-2135.
Apache Struts 2 before 2.3.14.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary OGNL code via a crafted request that is not properly handled when using the includeParams attribute in the (1) URL or (2) A tag. NOTE: this issue is due to an incomplete fix for CVE-2013-1966.
The svnserve server in Subversion before 1.6.23 and 1.7.x before 1.7.10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (exit) by aborting a connection.
Incomplete blacklist vulnerability in ownCloud before 5.0.6 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary PHP code by uploading a crafted file, then accessing it via a direct request to the file in /data.
contrib/hook-scripts/svn-keyword-check.pl in Subversion before 1.6.23 allows remote authenticated users with commit permissions to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in a filename.
java/org/apache/catalina/core/AsyncContextImpl.java in Apache Tomcat 7.x before 7.0.40 does not properly handle the throwing of a RuntimeException in an AsyncListener in an application, which allows context-dependent attackers to obtain sensitive request information intended for other applications in opportunistic circumstances via an application that records the requests that it processes.
java/org/apache/catalina/authenticator/FormAuthenticator.java in the form authentication feature in Apache Tomcat 6.0.21 through 6.0.36 and 7.x before 7.0.33 does not properly handle the relationships between authentication requirements and sessions, which allows remote attackers to inject a request into a session by sending this request during completion of the login form, a variant of a session fixation attack.
Unspecified vulnerability in Apache Wicket 1.4.x before 1.4.23, 1.5.x before 1.5.11, and 6.x before 6.8.0 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via vectors that cause raw HTML templates to be rendered without being processed and reading the information that is outside of wicket:panel markup.
Subversion before 1.6.23 and 1.7.x before 1.7.10 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (FSFS repository corruption) via a newline character in a file name.
Apache Struts 2 before 2.3.14.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary OGNL code via a crafted request that is not properly handled when using the includeParams attribute in the (1) URL or (2) A tag.
Apache Struts Showcase App 2.0.0 through 2.3.13, as used in Struts 2 before 2.3.14.3, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary OGNL code via a crafted parameter name that is not properly handled when invoking a redirect.
The Python client in Apache Qpid before 2.2 does not verify that the server hostname matches a domain name in the subject's Common Name (CN) or subjectAltName field of the X.509 certificate, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof SSL servers via an arbitrary valid certificate.
mod_dav.c in the Apache HTTP Server before 2.2.25 does not properly determine whether DAV is enabled for a URI, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault) via a MERGE request in which the URI is configured for handling by the mod_dav_svn module, but a certain href attribute in XML data refers to a non-DAV URI.
The mod_dav_svn Apache HTTPD server module in Subversion 1.7.0 through 1.7.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault and crash) via a log REPORT request with an invalid limit, which triggers an access of an uninitialized variable.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Portfolio publisher servlet in the demo web application in Apache ActiveMQ before 5.9.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the refresh parameter to demo/portfolioPublish, a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-6092.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in scheduled.jsp in Apache ActiveMQ 5.8.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via vectors involving the "cron of a message."
mod_rewrite.c in the mod_rewrite module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.x before 2.2.25 writes data to a log file without sanitizing non-printable characters, which might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via an HTTP request containing an escape sequence for a terminal emulator.
The mod_dav_svn Apache HTTPD server module in Subversion 1.6.x through 1.6.20 and 1.7.0 through 1.7.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and crash) via a PROPFIND request for an activity URL.
The mod_dav_svn Apache HTTPD server module in Subversion 1.6.0 through 1.6.20 and 1.7.0 through 1.7.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and crash) via an anonymous LOCK for a URL that does not exist.
The mod_dav_svn Apache HTTPD server module in Subversion 1.6.x before 1.6.21 and 1.7.0 through 1.7.8 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and crash) via a LOCK on an activity URL.
The mod_dav_svn Apache HTTPD server module in Subversion 1.6.x before 1.6.21 and 1.7.0 through 1.7.8 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) by (1) setting or (2) deleting a large number of properties for a file or directory.
The users/get program in the User RPC API in Apache Rave 0.11 through 0.20 allows remote authenticated users to obtain sensitive information about all user accounts via the offset parameter, as demonstrated by discovering password hashes in the password field of a response.
The JMX Remoting functionality in Apache Geronimo 3.x before 3.0.1, as used in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) Community Edition 3.0.0.3 and other products, does not properly implement the RMI classloader, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by using the JMX connector to send a crafted serialized object.
The BrokerFactory functionality in Apache OpenJPA 1.x before 1.2.3 and 2.x before 2.2.2 creates local executable JSP files containing logging trace data produced during deserialization of certain crafted OpenJPA objects, which makes it easier for remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by creating a serialized object and leveraging improperly secured server programs.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Novell iManager 2.7 before SP6 Patch 1 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of arbitrary users by leveraging improper request validation by iManager code deployed within an Apache Tomcat container.
The Debian apache2ctl script in the apache2 package squeeze before 2.2.16-6+squeeze11, wheezy before 2.2.22-13, and sid before 2.2.22-13 for the Apache HTTP Server on Debian GNU/Linux does not properly create the /var/lock/apache2 lock directory, which allows local users to gain privileges via an unspecified symlink attack.
The Apple mod_hfs_apple module for the Apache HTTP Server in Apple Mac OS X before 10.8.3 does not properly handle ignorable Unicode characters, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended directory authentication requirements via a crafted pathname in a URI.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in EMC RSA Authentication Agent 7.1 before 7.1.1 for Web for Internet Information Services, and 7.1 before 7.1.1 for Web for Apache, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
EMC RSA Authentication API before 8.1 SP1, RSA Web Agent before 5.3.5 for Apache Web Server, RSA Web Agent before 5.3.5 for IIS, RSA PAM Agent before 7.0, and RSA Agent before 6.1.4 for Microsoft Windows use an improper encryption algorithm and a weak key for maintaining the stored data of the node secret for the SecurID Authentication API, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information via cryptographic attacks on this data.
IBM Eclipse Help System (IEHS), as used in IBM Rational Directory Server 5.1.1 through 5.1.1.2 and 5.2 through 5.2.1 and other products, allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information by providing a crafted parameter path and then reading the debug information associated with the 500 HTTP status code.
** DISPUTED ** Apache Tomcat 7.x uses world-readable permissions for the log directory and its files, which might allow local users to obtain sensitive information by reading a file. NOTE: One Tomcat distributor has stated "The tomcat log directory does not contain any sensitive information."
expat 2.1.0 and earlier does not properly handle entities expansion unless an application developer uses the XML_SetEntityDeclHandler function, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource consumption), send HTTP requests to intranet servers, or read arbitrary files via a crafted XML document, aka an XML External Entity (XXE) issue. NOTE: it could be argued that because expat already provides the ability to disable external entity expansion, the responsibility for resolving this issue lies with application developers; according to this argument, this entry should be REJECTed, and each affected application would need its own CVE.
The Privileges portion of the web GUI and the XMLRPC API in Apache VCL 2.3.x before 2.3.2, 2.2.x before 2.2.2 and 2.1 allow remote authenticated users with nodeAdmin, manageGroup, resourceGrant, or userGrant permissions to gain privileges, cause a denial of service, or conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks by leveraging improper data validation.
The default configuration of Apache Maven 3.0.4, when using Maven Wagon 2.1, disables SSL certificate checks, which allows remote attackers to spoof servers via a man-in-the-middle (MITM) attack.
The default configuration of javax.servlet.context.tempdir in Apache Commons FileUpload 1.0 through 1.2.2 uses the /tmp directory for uploaded files, which allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via an unspecified symlink attack.
Apache CXF before 2.5.9, 2.6.x before 2.6.6, and 2.7.x before 2.7.3, when the plaintext UsernameToken WS-SecurityPolicy is enabled, allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via a security header of a SOAP request containing a UsernameToken element that lacks a password child element.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in widget/screen/ModelScreenWidget.java in Apache Open For Business Project (aka OFBiz) 10.04.x before 10.04.05, 11.04.01, and possibly 09.04.x allow remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) Screenlet.title or (2) Image.alt Widget attribute, as demonstrated by the parentPortalPageId parameter to exampleext/control/ManagePortalPages.
Apache Cordova 3.3.0 and earlier and Adobe PhoneGap 2.9.0 and earlier do not anchor the end of domain-name regular expressions, which allows remote attackers to bypass a whitelist protection mechanism via a domain name that contains an acceptable name as an initial substring.
The Android API before 17 does not properly restrict the WebView.addJavascriptInterface method, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary methods of Java objects by using the Java Reflection API within crafted JavaScript code that is loaded into the WebView component in an application targeted to API level 16 or earlier, a related issue to CVE-2013-4710.
The (1) UpdateRequestHandler for XSLT or (2) XPathEntityProcessor in Apache Solr before 4.1 allows remote attackers to have an unspecified impact via XML data containing an external entity declaration in conjunction with an entity reference, related to an XML External Entity (XXE) issue, different vectors than CVE-2013-6407.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Apache Solr Autocomplete module 6.x-1.x before 6.x-1.4 and 7.x-1.x before 7.x-1.3 for Drupal allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via vectors involving autocomplete results.
The default configuration of Apache ActiveMQ before 5.8.0 enables a sample web application, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (broker resource consumption) via HTTP requests.
http/conn/ssl/AbstractVerifier.java in Apache Commons HttpClient before 4.2.3 does not properly verify that the server hostname matches a domain name in the subject's Common Name (CN) or subjectAltName field of the X.509 certificate, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof SSL servers via a certificate with a subject that specifies a common name in a field that is not the CN field.  NOTE: this issue exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2012-5783.
Apache Axis2/C does not verify that the server hostname matches a domain name in the subject's Common Name (CN) or subjectAltName field of the X.509 certificate, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof SSL servers via an arbitrary valid certificate.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the web demos in Apache ActiveMQ before 5.8.0 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the refresh parameter to PortfolioPublishServlet.java (aka demo/portfolioPublish or Market Data Publisher), or vectors involving (2) debug logs or (3) subscribe messages in webapp/websocket/chat.js. NOTE: AMQ-4124 is covered by CVE-2012-6551.
The HTTP Digest Access Authentication implementation in Apache Tomcat 5.5.x before 5.5.36, 6.x before 6.0.36, and 7.x before 7.0.30 does not properly check for stale nonce values in conjunction with enforcement of proper credentials, which makes it easier for remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions by sniffing the network for valid requests.
The HTTP Digest Access Authentication implementation in Apache Tomcat 5.5.x before 5.5.36, 6.x before 6.0.36, and 7.x before 7.0.30 caches information about the authenticated user within the session state, which makes it easier for remote attackers to bypass authentication via vectors related to the session ID.
The replay-countermeasure functionality in the HTTP Digest Access Authentication implementation in Apache Tomcat 5.5.x before 5.5.36, 6.x before 6.0.36, and 7.x before 7.0.30 tracks cnonce (aka client nonce) values instead of nonce (aka server nonce) and nc (aka nonce-count) values, which makes it easier for remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions by sniffing the network for valid requests, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-1184.
** DISPUTED ** The wsdl_first_https sample code in distribution/src/main/release/samples/wsdl_first_https/src/main/ in Apache CXF before 2.7.0 does not verify that the server hostname matches a domain name in the subject's Common Name (CN) or subjectAltName field of the X.509 certificate, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof SSL servers via an arbitrary valid certificate. NOTE: The vendor states that the sample had specifically used a flag to bypass the DN check.
Apache Axis2/Java 1.6.2 and earlier does not verify that the server hostname matches a domain name in the subject's Common Name (CN) or subjectAltName field of the X.509 certificate, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof SSL servers via an arbitrary valid certificate.
Apache Axis 1.4 and earlier, as used in PayPal Payments Pro, PayPal Mass Pay, PayPal Transactional Information SOAP, the Java Message Service implementation in Apache ActiveMQ, and other products, does not verify that the server hostname matches a domain name in the subject's Common Name (CN) or subjectAltName field of the X.509 certificate, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof SSL servers via an arbitrary valid certificate.
Apache Commons HttpClient 3.x, as used in Amazon Flexible Payments Service (FPS) merchant Java SDK and other products, does not verify that the server hostname matches a domain name in the subject's Common Name (CN) or subjectAltName field of the X.509 certificate, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof SSL servers via an arbitrary valid certificate.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Futon UI in Apache CouchDB before 1.0.4, 1.1.x before 1.1.2, and 1.2.x before 1.2.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified parameters to the browser-based test suite.
Apache CouchDB before 1.0.4, 1.1.x before 1.1.2, and 1.2.x before 1.2.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a JSONP callback, related to Adobe Flash.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the partition2 function in mochiweb_util.erl in MochiWeb before 2.4.0, as used in Apache CouchDB before 1.0.4, 1.1.x before 1.1.2, and 1.2.x before 1.2.1, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a ..\ (dot dot backslash) in the default URI.
LibreOffice and OpenOffice automatically open embedded content
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Wicket 1.4.x before 1.4.22, 1.5.x before 1.5.10, and 6.x before 6.4.0 might allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via vectors related to &lt;script&gt; tags in a rendered response.
The URIMappingInterceptor in Apache CXF before 2.5.8, 2.6.x before 2.6.5, and 2.7.x before 2.7.2, when using the WSS4JInInterceptor, bypasses WS-Security processing, which allows remote attackers to obtain access to SOAP services via an HTTP GET request.
Apache CloudStack 4.0.0-incubating and Citrix CloudPlatform (formerly Citrix CloudStack) before 3.0.6 stores sensitive information in the log4j.conf log file, which allows local users to obtain (1) the SSH private key as recorded by the createSSHKeyPair API, (2) the password of an added host as recorded by the AddHost API, or the password of an added VM as recorded by the (3) DeployVM or (4) ResetPasswordForVM API.
Apache CXF 2.5.x before 2.5.10, 2.6.x before CXF 2.6.7, and 2.7.x before CXF 2.7.4 does not verify that a specified cryptographic algorithm is allowed by the WS-SecurityPolicy AlgorithmSuite definition before decrypting, which allows remote attackers to force CXF to use weaker cryptographic algorithms than intended and makes it easier to decrypt communications, aka "XML Encryption backwards compatibility attack."
Apache Tomcat through 7.0.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon outage) via partial HTTP requests, as demonstrated by Slowloris.
Apache Axis2 allows remote attackers to forge messages and bypass authentication via a SAML assertion that lacks a Signature element, aka a "Signature exclusion attack," a different vulnerability than CVE-2012-4418.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the balancer_handler function in the manager interface in mod_proxy_balancer.c in the mod_proxy_balancer module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.x before 2.2.24-dev and 2.4.x before 2.4.4 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a crafted string.
The mod_proxy_ajp module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.12 through 2.2.21 places a worker node into an error state upon detection of a long request-processing time, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (worker consumption) via an expensive request.
The token processing system (pki-tps) in Red Hat Certificate System (RHCS) before 8.1.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (Apache httpd web server child process restart) via certain unspecified empty search fields in a user certificate search query.
The token processing system (pki-tps) in Red Hat Certificate System (RHCS) before 8.1.3 does not properly handle interruptions of token format operations, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and Apache httpd web server child process crash) via unspecified vectors.
org/apache/tomcat/util/net/NioEndpoint.java in Apache Tomcat 6.x before 6.0.36 and 7.x before 7.0.28, when the NIO connector is used in conjunction with sendfile and HTTPS, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) by terminating the connection during the reading of a response.
The mod_security2 module before 2.7.0 for the Apache HTTP Server allows remote attackers to bypass rules, and deliver arbitrary POST data to a PHP application, via a multipart request in which an invalid part precedes the crafted data.
Citrix Cloud.com CloudStack, and Apache CloudStack pre-release, allows remote attackers to make arbitrary API calls by leveraging the system user account, as demonstrated by API calls to delete VMs.
The serializing/deserializing functions in the qpid::framing::Buffer class in Apache Qpid 0.20 and earlier allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (assertion failure and daemon exit) via unspecified vectors. NOTE: this issue could also trigger an out-of-bounds read, but it might not trigger a crash.
Integer overflow in the qpid::framing::Buffer::checkAvailable function in Apache Qpid 0.20 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a crafted message, which triggers an out-of-bounds read.
The AMQP type decoder in Apache Qpid 0.20 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption and server crash) via a large number of zero width elements in the client-properties map in a connection.start-ok message.
Apache Hadoop before 0.23.4, 1.x before 1.0.4, and 2.x before 2.0.2 generate token passwords using a 20-bit secret when Kerberos security features are enabled, which makes it easier for context-dependent attackers to crack secret keys via a brute-force attack.
The default configuration for Apache Qpid 0.20 and earlier, when the federation_tag attribute is enabled, accepts AMQP connections without checking the source user ID, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and have other unspecified impact via an AMQP request.
org/apache/catalina/filters/CsrfPreventionFilter.java in Apache Tomcat 6.x before 6.0.36 and 7.x before 7.0.32 allows remote attackers to bypass the cross-site request forgery (CSRF) protection mechanism via a request that lacks a session identifier.
Apache Axis2 allows remote attackers to forge messages and bypass authentication via an "XML Signature wrapping attack."
Apache Struts 2.0.0 through 2.3.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a long parameter name, which is processed as an OGNL expression.
The token check mechanism in Apache Struts 2.0.0 through 2.3.4 does not properly validate the token name configuration parameter, which allows remote attackers to perform cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attacks by setting the token name configuration parameter to a session attribute.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the mod_pagespeed module 0.10.19.1 through 0.10.22.4 for the Apache HTTP Server allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
The Apache Santuario configuration in Eucalyptus before 3.1.1 does not properly restrict applying XML Signature transforms to documents, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unspecified vectors.
The mod_pagespeed module before 0.10.22.6 for the Apache HTTP Server does not properly verify its host name, which allows remote attackers to trigger HTTP requests to arbitrary hosts via unspecified vectors, as demonstrated by requests to intranet servers.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in the ISE Administrator user interface (aka the Apache Tomcat interface) on Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) 3300 series appliances before 1.1.0.665 Cumulative Patch 1 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators, aka Bug ID CSCty46684.
org/apache/catalina/realm/RealmBase.java in Apache Tomcat 6.x before 6.0.36 and 7.x before 7.0.30, when FORM authentication is used, allows remote attackers to bypass security-constraint checks by leveraging a previous setUserPrincipal call and then placing /j_security_check at the end of a URI.
Apache Tomcat 6.x before 6.0.37 and 7.x before 7.0.30 does not properly handle chunk extensions in chunked transfer coding, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by streaming data.
Two XSS vulnerabilities were fixed in message list and view in the Hupa Webmail application from the Apache James project. An attacker could send a carefully crafted email to a user of Hupa which would trigger a XSS when the email was opened or when a list of messages were viewed. This issue was addressed in Hupa 0.0.3.
The reverse proxy add forward module (mod_rpaf) 0.5 and 0.6 for the Apache HTTP Server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (server or application crash) via multiple X-Forwarded-For headers in a request.
munin-cgi-graph in Munin before 2.0.6, when running as a CGI module under Apache, allows remote attackers to load new configurations and create files in arbitrary directories via the logdir command.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Apache Open For Business Project (aka OFBiz) 10.04.x before 10.04.03 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
The proxy functionality in (1) mod_proxy_ajp.c in the mod_proxy_ajp module and (2) mod_proxy_http.c in the mod_proxy_http module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.4.x before 2.4.3 does not properly determine the situations that require closing a back-end connection, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information in opportunistic circumstances by reading a response that was intended for a different client.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.x before 2.2.24-dev and 2.4.x before 2.4.4 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via vectors involving hostnames and URIs in the (1) mod_imagemap, (2) mod_info, (3) mod_ldap, (4) mod_proxy_ftp, and (5) mod_status modules.
Apache QPID 0.14, 0.16, and earlier uses a NullAuthenticator mechanism to authenticate catch-up shadow connections to AMQP brokers, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication.
Apache CXF before 2.4.9, 2.5.x before 2.5.5, and 2.6.x before 2.6.2 allows remote attackers to execute unintended web-service operations by sending a header with a SOAP Action String that is inconsistent with the message body.
Apache Libcloud before 0.11.1 uses an incorrect regular expression during verification of whether the server hostname matches a domain name in the subject's Common Name (CN) or subjectAltName field of the X.509 certificate, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof SSL servers via a crafted certificate.
DataNodes in Apache Hadoop 2.0.0 alpha does not check the BlockTokens of clients when Kerberos is enabled and the DataNode has checked out the same BlockPool twice from a NodeName, which might allow remote clients to read arbitrary blocks, write to blocks to which they only have read access, and have other unspecified impacts.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Wicket 1.4.x before 1.4.21 and 1.5.x before 1.5.8 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via vectors involving a %00 sequence in an Ajax link URL associated with a Wicket app.
The Apache Sling JCR ContentLoader 2.1.4 XmlReader used in the Sling JCR content loader module makes it possible to import arbitrary files in the content repository, including local files, causing potential information leaks. Users should upgrade to version 2.1.6 of the JCR ContentLoader
Unspecified vulnerability in the Solaris Cluster component in Oracle Sun Products Suite 3.3 allows local users to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to Apache Tomcat Agent.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Sun Solaris 10 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, related to Apache HTTP Server.
mod_auth_openid before 0.7 for Apache uses world-readable permissions for /tmp/mod_auth_openid.db, which allows local users to obtain session ids.
ModSecurity before 2.6.6, when used with PHP, does not properly handle single quotes not at the beginning of a request parameter value in the Content-Disposition field of a request with a multipart/form-data Content-Type header, which allows remote attackers to bypass filtering rules and perform other attacks such as cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks. NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2009-5031.
java/org/apache/coyote/http11/InternalNioInputBuffer.java in the HTTP NIO connector in Apache Tomcat 6.x before 6.0.36 and 7.x before 7.0.28 does not properly restrict the request-header size, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via a large amount of header data.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the make_variant_list function in mod_negotiation.c in the mod_negotiation module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.4.x before 2.4.3, when the MultiViews option is enabled, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a crafted filename that is not properly handled during construction of a variant list.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Apache Roller before 5.0.1 allow remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML by leveraging the blogger role.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in the admin/editor console in Apache Roller before 5.0.1 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of admins or editors by leveraging the HTTP POST functionality.
Apache CXF 2.4.x before 2.4.8, 2.5.x before 2.5.4, and 2.6.x before 2.6.1, when a Supporting Token specifies a child WS-SecurityPolicy 1.1 or 1.2 policy, does not properly ensure that an XML element is signed or encrypted, which has unspecified impact and attack vectors.
Apache CXF 2.4.5 through 2.4.7, 2.5.1 through 2.5.3, and 2.6.x before 2.6.1, does not properly enforce child policies of a WS-SecurityPolicy 1.1 SupportingToken policy on the client side, which allows remote attackers to bypass the (1) AlgorithmSuite, (2) SignedParts, (3) SignedElements, (4) EncryptedParts, and (5) EncryptedElements policies.
Buffer overflow in the apache_request_headers function in sapi/cgi/cgi_main.c in PHP 5.4.x before 5.4.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a long string in the header of an HTTP request.
Apache Qpid 0.17 and earlier does not properly restrict incoming client connections, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (file descriptor consumption) via a large number of incomplete connections.
The @CopyFrom operation in the POST servlet in the org.apache.sling.servlets.post bundle before 2.1.2 in Apache Sling does not prevent attempts to copy an ancestor node to a descendant node, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via a crafted HTTP request.
Algorithmic complexity vulnerability in the sorting algorithms in bzip2 compressing stream (BZip2CompressorOutputStream) in Apache Commons Compress before 1.4.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a file with many repeating inputs.
Apache OFBiz 10.04.x before 10.04.02 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Apache Open For Business Project (aka OFBiz) 10.04.x before 10.04.02 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) a parameter array in freemarker templates, the (2) contentId or (3) mapKey parameter in a cms event request, which are not properly handled in an error message, or unspecified input in (4) an ajax request to the getServerError function in checkoutProcess.js or (5) a Webslinger component request.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
A local code execution issue exists in Apache Struts2 when processing malformed XSLT files, which could let a malicious user upload and execute arbitrary files.
The Kerberos/MapReduce security functionality in Apache Hadoop 0.20.203.0 through 0.20.205.0, 0.23.x before 0.23.2, and 1.0.x before 1.0.2, as used in Cloudera CDH CDH3u0 through CDH3u2, Cloudera hadoop-0.20-sbin before 0.20.2+923.197, and other products, allows remote authenticated users to impersonate arbitrary cluster user accounts via unspecified vectors.
fcgid_spawn_ctl.c in the mod_fcgid module 2.3.6 for the Apache HTTP Server does not recognize the FcgidMaxProcessesPerClass directive for a virtual host, which makes it easier for remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via a series of HTTP requests that triggers a process count higher than the intended limit.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Apache Wicket 1.4.x before 1.4.20 and 1.5.x before 1.5.5 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary web-application files via a relative pathname in a URL for a Wicket resource that corresponds to a null package.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Apache Struts 1.3.10 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the name parameter to struts-examples/upload/upload-submit.do, or the message parameter to (2) struts-cookbook/processSimple.do or (3) struts-cookbook/processDyna.do.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Apache Struts 2.0.14 and 2.2.3 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) name or (2) lastName parameter to struts2-showcase/person/editPerson.action, or the (3) clientName parameter to struts2-rest-showcase/orders.
envvars (aka envvars-std) in the Apache HTTP Server before 2.4.2 places a zero-length directory name in the LD_LIBRARY_PATH, which allows local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DSO in the current working directory during execution of apachectl.
Apache Xerces2 Java Parser before 2.12.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a crafted message to an XML service, which triggers hash table collisions.
Apache Xerces-C++ allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a crafted message sent to an XML service that causes hash table collisions.
tables/apr_hash.c in the Apache Portable Runtime (APR) library through 1.4.5 computes hash values without restricting the ability to trigger hash collisions predictably, which allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via crafted input to an application that maintains a hash table.
Apache Struts 2 before 2.2.3.1 evaluates a string as an OGNL expression during the handling of a conversion error, which allows remote attackers to modify run-time data values, and consequently execute arbitrary code, via invalid input to a field.
The WS-SP UsernameToken policy in Apache CXF 2.4.5 and 2.5.1 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication by sending an empty UsernameToken as part of a SOAP request.
The PDORow implementation in PHP before 5.3.9 does not properly interact with the session feature, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a crafted application that uses a PDO driver for a fetch and then calls the session_start function, as demonstrated by a crash of the Apache HTTP Server.
** DISPUTED ** The DebuggingInterceptor component in Apache Struts before 2.3.1.1, when developer mode is used, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unspecified vectors.  NOTE: the vendor characterizes this behavior as not "a security vulnerability itself."
The ParameterInterceptor component in Apache Struts before 2.3.1.1 does not prevent access to public constructors, which allows remote attackers to create or overwrite arbitrary files via a crafted parameter that triggers the creation of a Java object.
The CookieInterceptor component in Apache Struts before 2.3.1.1 does not use the parameter-name whitelist, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted HTTP Cookie header that triggers Java code execution through a static method.
The ExceptionDelegator component in Apache Struts before 2.2.3.1 interprets parameter values as OGNL expressions during certain exception handling for mismatched data types of properties, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Java code via a crafted parameter.
Apache Traffic Server 2.0.x and 3.0.x before 3.0.4 and 3.1.x before 3.1.3 does not properly allocate heap memory, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via a long HTTP Host header.
The default configuration of the apache2 package in Debian GNU/Linux squeeze before 2.2.16-6+squeeze7, wheezy before 2.2.22-4, and sid before 2.2.22-4, when mod_php or mod_rivet is used, provides example scripts under the doc/ URI, which might allow local users to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks, gain privileges, or obtain sensitive information via vectors involving localhost HTTP requests to the Apache HTTP Server.
The UnhandledDataStructure function in hwpf/model/UnhandledDataStructure.java in Apache POI 3.8 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (OutOfMemoryError exception and possibly JVM destabilization) via a crafted length value in a Channel Definition Format (CDF) or Compound File Binary Format (CFBF) document.
protocol.c in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.x through 2.2.21 does not properly restrict header information during construction of Bad Request (aka 400) error documents, which allows remote attackers to obtain the values of HTTPOnly cookies via vectors involving a (1) long or (2) malformed header in conjunction with crafted web script.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Wicket 1.4.x before 1.4.20 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the wicket:pageMapName parameter.
scoreboard.c in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.21 and earlier might allow local users to cause a denial of service (daemon crash during shutdown) or possibly have unspecified other impact by modifying a certain type field within a scoreboard shared memory segment, leading to an invalid call to the free function.
Apache Tomcat 5.5.x before 5.5.35, 6.x before 6.0.34, and 7.x before 7.0.23 uses an inefficient approach for handling parameters, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a request that contains many parameters and parameter values, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-4858.
The log_cookie function in mod_log_config.c in the mod_log_config module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.17 through 2.2.21, when a threaded MPM is used, does not properly handle a %{}C format string, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via a cookie that lacks both a name and a value.
DigestAuthenticator.java in the HTTP Digest Access Authentication implementation in Apache Tomcat 5.5.x before 5.5.34, 6.x before 6.0.33, and 7.x before 7.0.12 uses Catalina as the hard-coded server secret (aka private key), which makes it easier for remote attackers to bypass cryptographic protection mechanisms by leveraging knowledge of this string, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-1184.
The HTTP Digest Access Authentication implementation in Apache Tomcat 5.5.x before 5.5.34, 6.x before 6.0.33, and 7.x before 7.0.12 does not check realm values, which might allow remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions by leveraging the availability of a protection space with weaker authentication or authorization requirements, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-1184.
The HTTP Digest Access Authentication implementation in Apache Tomcat 5.5.x before 5.5.34, 6.x before 6.0.33, and 7.x before 7.0.12 does not check qop values, which might allow remote attackers to bypass intended integrity-protection requirements via a qop=auth value, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-1184.
Apache Struts 2.3.1.2 and earlier, 2.3.19-2.3.23, provides interfaces that do not properly restrict access to collections such as the session and request collections, which might allow remote attackers to modify run-time data values via a crafted parameter to an application that implements an affected interface, as demonstrated by the SessionAware, RequestAware, ApplicationAware, ServletRequestAware, ServletResponseAware, and ParameterAware interfaces. NOTE: the vendor disputes the significance of this report because of an "easy work-around in existing apps by configuring the interceptor."
Apache Geronimo 2.2.1 and earlier computes hash values for form parameters without restricting the ability to trigger hash collisions predictably, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) by sending many crafted parameters.  NOTE: this might overlap CVE-2011-4461.
Apache ActiveMQ before 5.6.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (file-descriptor exhaustion and broker crash or hang) by sending many openwire failover:tcp:// connection requests.
Apache Tomcat before 5.5.35, 6.x before 6.0.35, and 7.x before 7.0.23 computes hash values for form parameters without restricting the ability to trigger hash collisions predictably, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) by sending many crafted parameters.
IBM Tivoli Netcool/Reporter 2.2 before 2.2.0.8 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via vectors related to an unspecified CGI program used with the Apache HTTP Server.
actions/files/files.php in WikkaWiki 1.3.1 and 1.3.2, when INTRANET_MODE is enabled, supports file uploads for file extensions that are typically absent from an Apache HTTP Server TypesConfig file, which makes it easier for remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code by placing this code in a file whose name has multiple extensions, as demonstrated by a (1) .mm or (2) .vpp file.
The ap_pregsub function in server/util.c in the Apache HTTP Server 2.0.x through 2.0.64 and 2.2.x through 2.2.21, when the mod_setenvif module is enabled, does not restrict the size of values of environment variables, which allows local users to cause a denial of service (memory consumption or NULL pointer dereference) via a .htaccess file with a crafted SetEnvIf directive, in conjunction with a crafted HTTP request header, related to (1) the "len +=" statement and (2) the apr_pcalloc function call, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-3607.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in MyFaces JavaServer Faces (JSF) in Apache MyFaces Core 2.0.x before 2.0.12 and 2.1.x before 2.1.6 allow remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the (1) ln parameter to faces/javax.faces.resource/web.xml or (2) the PATH_INFO to faces/javax.faces.resource/.
Information disclosure vulnerability in Apache MyFaces Core 2.0.1 through 2.0.10 and 2.1.0 through 2.1.4 allows remote attackers to inject EL expressions via crafted parameters.
The mod_proxy module in the Apache HTTP Server 1.3.x through 1.3.42, 2.0.x through 2.0.64, and 2.2.x through 2.2.21, when the Revision 1179239 patch is in place, does not properly interact with use of (1) RewriteRule and (2) ProxyPassMatch pattern matches for configuration of a reverse proxy, which allows remote attackers to send requests to intranet servers via a malformed URI containing an @ (at sign) character and a : (colon) character in invalid positions.  NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2011-3368.
Apache Struts before 2.3.1.2 allows remote attackers to bypass security protections in the ParameterInterceptor class and execute arbitrary commands.
The mod_proxy module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.0.x through 2.0.64 and 2.2.x before 2.2.18, when the Revision 1179239 patch is in place, does not properly interact with use of (1) RewriteRule and (2) ProxyPassMatch pattern matches for configuration of a reverse proxy, which allows remote attackers to send requests to intranet servers by using the HTTP/0.9 protocol with a malformed URI containing an initial @ (at sign) character. NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2011-3368.
Apache Qpid 0.12 does not properly verify credentials during the joining of a cluster, which allows remote attackers to obtain access to the messaging functionality and job functionality of a cluster by leveraging knowledge of a cluster-username.
Integer overflow in the ap_pregsub function in server/util.c in the Apache HTTP Server 2.0.x through 2.0.64 and 2.2.x through 2.2.21, when the mod_setenvif module is enabled, allows local users to gain privileges via a .htaccess file with a crafted SetEnvIf directive, in conjunction with a crafted HTTP request header, leading to a heap-based buffer overflow.
org/apache/catalina/core/DefaultInstanceManager.java in Apache Tomcat 7.x before 7.0.22 does not properly restrict ContainerServlets in the Manager application, which allows local users to gain privileges by using an untrusted web application to access the Manager application's functionality.
Apache Tomcat 6.0.30 through 6.0.33 and 7.x before 7.0.22 does not properly perform certain caching and recycling operations involving request objects, which allows remote attackers to obtain unintended read access to IP address and HTTP header information in opportunistic circumstances by reading TCP data.
The mod_proxy module in the Apache HTTP Server 1.3.x through 1.3.42, 2.0.x through 2.0.64, and 2.2.x through 2.2.21 does not properly interact with use of (1) RewriteRule and (2) ProxyPassMatch pattern matches for configuration of a reverse proxy, which allows remote attackers to send requests to intranet servers via a malformed URI containing an initial @ (at sign) character.
The mod_proxy_ajp module in the Apache HTTP Server before 2.2.21, when used with mod_proxy_balancer in certain configurations, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (temporary "error state" in the backend server) via a malformed HTTP request.
The byterange filter in the Apache HTTP Server 1.3.x, 2.0.x through 2.0.64, and 2.2.x through 2.2.19 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory and CPU consumption) via a Range header that expresses multiple overlapping ranges, as exploited in the wild in August 2011, a different vulnerability than CVE-2007-0086.
Certain AJP protocol connector implementations in Apache Tomcat 7.0.0 through 7.0.20, 6.0.0 through 6.0.33, 5.5.0 through 5.5.33, and possibly other versions allow remote attackers to spoof AJP requests, bypass authentication, and obtain sensitive information by causing the connector to interpret a request body as a new request.
mod_perl 2.0 through 2.0.10 allows attackers to execute arbitrary Perl code by placing it in a user-owned .htaccess file, because (contrary to the documentation) there is no configuration option that permits Perl code for the administrator's control of HTTP request processing without also permitting unprivileged users to run Perl code in the context of the user account that runs Apache HTTP Server processes.
native/unix/native/jsvc-unix.c in jsvc in the Daemon component 1.0.3 through 1.0.6 in Apache Commons, as used in Apache Tomcat 5.5.32 through 5.5.33, 6.0.30 through 6.0.32, and 7.0.x before 7.0.20 on Linux, does not drop capabilities, which allows remote attackers to bypass read permissions for files via a request to an application.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Wicket 1.4.x before 1.4.18, when setAutomaticMultiWindowSupport is enabled, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified parameters.
SQL injection vulnerability in mysql/mysql-auth.pl in the mod_authnz_external module 3.2.5 and earlier for the Apache HTTP Server allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the user field.
Apache Tomcat 5.5.x before 5.5.34, 6.x before 6.0.33, and 7.x before 7.0.19, when sendfile is enabled for the HTTP APR or HTTP NIO connector, does not validate certain request attributes, which allows local users to bypass intended file access restrictions or cause a denial of service (infinite loop or JVM crash) by leveraging an untrusted web application.
Off-by-one error in the XML signature feature in Apache XML Security for C++ 1.6.0, as used in Shibboleth before 2.4.3 and possibly other products, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a signature using a large RSA key, which triggers a buffer overflow.
The implementations of PKCS#1 v1.5 key transport mechanism for XMLEncryption in JBossWS and Apache WSS4J before 1.6.5 is susceptible to a Bleichenbacher attack.
Apache Tomcat 7.0.x before 7.0.17 permits web applications to replace an XML parser used for other web applications, which allows local users to read or modify the (1) web.xml, (2) context.xml, or (3) tld files of arbitrary web applications via a crafted application that is loaded earlier than the target application. NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of a CVE-2009-0783 regression.
The rampart_timestamp_token_validate function in util/rampart_timestamp_token.c in Apache Rampart/C 1.3.0 does not properly calculate the expiration of timestamp tokens, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions by leveraging an expired token, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-0730.
Apache Tomcat 5.5.x before 5.5.34, 6.x before 6.0.33, and 7.x before 7.0.17, when the MemoryUserDatabase is used, creates log entries containing passwords upon encountering errors in JMX user creation, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information by reading a log file.
XWork 2.2.1 in Apache Struts 2.2.1, and OpenSymphony XWork in OpenSymphony WebWork, allows remote attackers to obtain potentially sensitive information about internal Java class paths via vectors involving an s:submit element and a nonexistent method, a different vulnerability than CVE-2011-1772.3.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in component handlers in the javatemplates (aka Java Templates) plugin in Apache Struts 2.x before 2.2.3 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via an arbitrary parameter value to a .action URI, related to improper handling of value attributes in (1) FileHandler.java, (2) HiddenHandler.java, (3) PasswordHandler.java, (4) RadioHandler.java, (5) ResetHandler.java, (6) SelectHandler.java, (7) SubmitHandler.java, and (8) TextFieldHandler.java.
The fnmatch implementation in apr_fnmatch.c in the Apache Portable Runtime (APR) library 1.4.3 and 1.4.4, and the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.18, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via a URI that does not match unspecified types of wildcard patterns, as demonstrated by attacks against mod_autoindex in httpd when a /*/WEB-INF/ configuration pattern is used. NOTE: this issue exists because of an incorrect fix for CVE-2011-0419.
The mod_dav_svn module for the Apache HTTP Server, as distributed in Apache Subversion 1.5.x and 1.6.x before 1.6.17, when the SVNPathAuthz short_circuit option is disabled, does not properly enforce permissions for files that had been publicly readable in the past, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a replay REPORT operation.
The mod_dav_svn module for the Apache HTTP Server, as distributed in Apache Subversion 1.5.x and 1.6.x before 1.6.17, when the SVNPathAuthz short_circuit option is enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop and memory consumption) in opportunistic circumstances by requesting data.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in XWork in Apache Struts 2.x before 2.2.3, and OpenSymphony XWork in OpenSymphony WebWork, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via vectors involving (1) an action name, (2) the action attribute of an s:submit element, or (3) the method attribute of an s:submit element.
The mod_dav_svn module for the Apache HTTP Server, as distributed in Apache Subversion before 1.6.17, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and daemon crash) via a request for a baselined WebDAV resource, as exploited in the wild in May 2011.
Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in xmldirectorylist.jsp in the embedded Apache HTTP Server component in Cisco Unified Communications Manager (aka CUCM, formerly CallManager) 6.x before 6.1(5)su3, 7.x before 7.1(5)su4, 8.0 before 8.0(3a)su2, and 8.5 before 8.5(1)su1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) f, (2) l, or (3) n parameter, aka Bug ID CSCtj42064.
Apache Tomcat 7.0.12 and 7.0.13 processes the first request to a servlet without following security constraints that have been configured through annotations, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via HTTP requests. NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2011-1088, CVE-2011-1183, and CVE-2011-1419.
Unspecified vulnerability in the XSL Content portlet in Liferay Portal Community Edition (CE) 5.x and 6.x before 6.0.6 GA, when Apache Tomcat is used, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Liferay Portal Community Edition (CE) 6.x before 6.0.6 GA, when Apache Tomcat is used, allows remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a message title, a different vulnerability than CVE-2004-2030.
The XSL Content portlet in Liferay Portal Community Edition (CE) 5.x and 6.x before 6.0.6 GA, when Apache Tomcat or Oracle GlassFish is used, allows remote authenticated users to read arbitrary (1) XSL and (2) XML files via a file:/// URL.
Liferay Portal Community Edition (CE) 6.x before 6.0.6 GA, when Apache Tomcat is used, allows remote authenticated users to read arbitrary files via an entity declaration in conjunction with an entity reference, related to an XML External Entity (aka XXE) issue.
Apache HttpClient 4.x before 4.1.1 in Apache HttpComponents, when used with an authenticating proxy server, sends the Proxy-Authorization header to the origin server, which allows remote web servers to obtain sensitive information by logging this header.
The HTTP BIO connector in Apache Tomcat 7.0.x before 7.0.12 does not properly handle HTTP pipelining, which allows remote attackers to read responses intended for other clients in opportunistic circumstances by examining the application data in HTTP packets, related to "a mix-up of responses for requests from different users."
Apache Tomcat 7.x before 7.0.11, when web.xml has no security constraints, does not follow ServletSecurity annotations, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via HTTP requests to a web application.  NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2011-1088.
Memory leak in org.apache.jasper.runtime.JspWriterImpl.response in the JavaServer Pages (JSP) component in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) before 7.0.0.15 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) by accessing a JSP page of an application that is repeatedly stopped and restarted.
The HTTP Digest Access Authentication implementation in Apache Tomcat 5.5.x before 5.5.34, 6.x before 6.0.33, and 7.x before 7.0.12 does not have the expected countermeasures against replay attacks, which makes it easier for remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions by sniffing the network for valid requests, related to lack of checking of nonce (aka server nonce) and nc (aka nonce-count or client nonce count) values.
Apache Tomcat 7.0.11, when web.xml has no login configuration, does not follow security constraints, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via HTTP requests to a meta-data complete web application. NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incorrect fix for CVE-2011-1088 and CVE-2011-1419.
The configuration merger in itk.c in the Steinar H. Gunderson mpm-itk Multi-Processing Module 2.2.11-01 and 2.2.11-02 for the Apache HTTP Server does not properly handle certain configuration sections that specify NiceValue but not AssignUserID, which might allow remote attackers to gain privileges by leveraging the root uid and root gid of an mpm-itk process.
The W3C XML Encryption Standard, as used in the JBoss Web Services (JBossWS) component in JBoss Enterprise Portal Platform before 5.2.2 and other products, when using block ciphers in cipher-block chaining (CBC) mode, allows remote attackers to obtain plaintext data via a chosen-ciphertext attack on SOAP responses, aka "character encoding pattern attack."
Apache Tomcat 7.x before 7.0.10 does not follow ServletSecurity annotations, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via HTTP requests to a web application.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Apache Archiva 1.0 through 1.2.2, and 1.3.x before 1.3.5, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in Apache Archiva 1.0 through 1.2.2, and 1.3.x before 1.3.5, allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators.
The mod_dav_svn module for the Apache HTTP Server, as distributed in Apache Subversion before 1.6.16, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and daemon crash) via a request that contains a lock token.
Apache Tomcat 7.0.0 through 7.0.6 and 6.0.0 through 6.0.30 does not enforce the maxHttpHeaderSize limit for requests involving the NIO HTTP connector, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (OutOfMemoryError) via a crafted request.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Continuum 1.1 through 1.2.3.1, 1.3.6, and 1.4.0 Beta; and Archiva 1.3.0 through 1.3.3 and 1.0 through 1.22 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a crafted parameter, related to the autoIncludeParameters setting for the extremecomponents table.
Stack consumption vulnerability in the fnmatch implementation in apr_fnmatch.c in the Apache Portable Runtime (APR) library before 1.4.3 and the Apache HTTP Server before 2.2.18, and in fnmatch.c in libc in NetBSD 5.1, OpenBSD 4.8, FreeBSD, Apple Mac OS X 10.6, Oracle Solaris 10, and Android, allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU and memory consumption) via *? sequences in the first argument, as demonstrated by attacks against mod_autoindex in httpd.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the HTML Manager Interface in Apache Tomcat 5.5 before 5.5.32, 6.0 before 6.0.30, and 7.0 before 7.0.6 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML, as demonstrated via the display-name tag.
Multiple memory leaks in rev_hunt.c in Apache Subversion before 1.6.15 allow remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (memory consumption and daemon crash) via the -g option to the blame command.
The walk function in repos.c in the mod_dav_svn module for the Apache HTTP Server, as distributed in Apache Subversion before 1.6.15, allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and daemon crash) via vectors that trigger the walking of SVNParentPath collections.
The Double.parseDouble method in Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in Oracle Java SE and Java for Business 6 Update 23 and earlier, 5.0 Update 27 and earlier, and 1.4.2_29 and earlier, as used in OpenJDK, Apache, JBossweb, and other products, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a crafted string that triggers an infinite loop of estimations during conversion to a double-precision binary floating-point number, as demonstrated using 2.2250738585072012e-308.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle HTTP Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.2 and 11.1.1.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity via unknown vectors related to Apache Plugin.
Apache Archiva 1.0 through 1.0.3, 1.1 through 1.1.4, 1.2 through 1.2.2, and 1.3 through 1.3.1 does not require entry of the administrator's password at the time of modifying a user account, which makes it easier for context-dependent attackers to gain privileges by leveraging a (1) unattended workstation or (2) cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability, a related issue to CVE-2010-3449.
The default configuration of Apache Tomcat 6.x does not include the HTTPOnly flag in a Set-Cookie header, which makes it easier for remote attackers to hijack a session via script access to a cookie.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the Manager application in Apache Tomcat 6.0.12 through 6.0.29 and 7.0.0 through 7.0.4 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) orderBy or (2) sort parameter to sessionsList.jsp, or unspecified input to (3) sessionDetail.jsp or (4) java/org/apache/catalina/manager/JspHelper.java, related to use of untrusted web applications.
A flaw was found in the mod_fcgid module of httpd. A malformed FastCGI response may result in a stack-based buffer overflow in the modules/fcgid/fcgid_bucket.c file in the fcgid_header_bucket_read() function, resulting in an application crash.
Apache Shiro before 1.1.0, and JSecurity 0.9.x, does not canonicalize URI paths before comparing them to entries in the shiro.ini file, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via a crafted request, as demonstrated by the /./account/index.jsp URI.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the web administration interface (aka Futon) in Apache CouchDB 0.8.0 through 1.0.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
Apache Tomcat 7.0.0 through 7.0.3, 6.0.x, and 5.5.x, when running within a SecurityManager, does not make the ServletContext attribute read-only, which allows local web applications to read or write files outside of the intended working directory, as demonstrated using a directory traversal attack.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Redback before 1.2.4, as used in Apache Archiva 1.0 through 1.0.3, 1.1 through 1.1.4, 1.2 through 1.2.2, and 1.3 through 1.3.1; and Apache Continuum 1.3.6, 1.4.0, and 1.1 through 1.2.3.1; allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that modify credentials.
authz.c in the mod_dav_svn module for the Apache HTTP Server, as distributed in Apache Subversion 1.5.x before 1.5.8 and 1.6.x before 1.6.13, when SVNPathAuthz short_circuit is enabled, does not properly handle a named repository as a rule scope, which allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended access restrictions via svn commands.
oxf/xml/xerces/XercesSAXParserFactoryImpl.java in the xforms-server component in the XForms service in Orbeon Forms before 3.9 does not properly restrict DTDs in Ajax requests, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files or send HTTP requests to intranet servers via an entity declaration in conjunction with an entity reference, related to an "XML injection" issue.
sys/ssl/SslSocket.cpp in qpidd in Apache Qpid, as used in Red Hat Enterprise MRG before 1.2.2 and other products, when SSL is enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon outage) by connecting to the SSL port but not participating in an SSL handshake.
Apache Traffic Server before 2.0.1, and 2.1.x before 2.1.2-unstable, does not properly choose DNS source ports and transaction IDs, and does not properly use DNS query fields to validate responses, which makes it easier for man-in-the-middle attackers to poison the internal DNS cache via a crafted response.
mod_proxy in httpd in Apache HTTP Server 2.2.9, when running on Unix, does not close the backend connection if a timeout occurs when reading a response from a persistent connection, which allows remote attackers to obtain a potentially sensitive response intended for a different client in opportunistic circumstances via a normal HTTP request. NOTE: this is the same issue as CVE-2010-2068, but for a different OS and set of affected versions.
Package/Privilege: Plugins for Apache, Sun and IIS web servers Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 7.0 SP7, 8.1 SP6, 9.0, 9.1, 9.2 MP3, 10.0 MP2, 10.3.2, and 10.3.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality and integrity, related to IIS.
XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in Apache Wink 1.1.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files or cause a denial of service via a crafted XML document.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Apache CouchDB 0.8.0 through 0.11.0 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for direct requests to an installation URL.
In Apache Derby 10.1.2.1, 10.2.2.0, 10.3.1.4, and 10.4.1.3, Export processing may allow an attacker to overwrite an existing file.
Apache Tomcat 5.5.0 through 5.5.29, 6.0.0 through 6.0.27, and 7.0.0 beta does not properly handle an invalid Transfer-Encoding header, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application outage) or obtain sensitive information via a crafted header that interferes with "recycling of a buffer."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in axis2-admin/axis2-admin/engagingglobally in the administration console in Apache Axis2/Java 1.4.1, 1.5.1, and possibly other versions, as used in SAP Business Objects 12, 3com IMC, and possibly other products, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the modules parameter.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
Apache MyFaces 1.1.7 and 1.2.8, as used in IBM WebSphere Application Server and other applications, does not properly handle an unencrypted view state, which allows remote attackers to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks or execute arbitrary Expression Language (EL) statements via vectors that involve modifying the serialized view object.
Apache CXF 2.0.x before 2.0.13, 2.1.x before 2.1.10, and 2.2.x before 2.2.9, as used in Apache ServiceMix, Apache Camel, Apache Chemistry, Apache jUDDI, Apache Geronimo, and other products, does not properly reject DTDs in SOAP messages, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files, send HTTP requests to intranet servers, or cause a denial of service (CPU and memory consumption) via a crafted DTD, as demonstrated by an entity declaration in a request to samples/wsdl_first_pure_xml, a similar issue to CVE-2010-1632.
mod_proxy_http.c in mod_proxy_http in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.9 through 2.2.15, 2.3.4-alpha, and 2.3.5-alpha on Windows, NetWare, and OS/2, in certain configurations involving proxy worker pools, does not properly detect timeouts, which allows remote attackers to obtain a potentially sensitive response intended for a different client in opportunistic circumstances via a normal HTTP request.
shared/util/StateUtils.java in Apache MyFaces 1.1.x before 1.1.8, 1.2.x before 1.2.9, and 2.0.x before 2.0.1 uses an encrypted View State without a Message Authentication Code (MAC), which makes it easier for remote attackers to perform successful modifications of the View State via a padding oracle attack.
Apache Axis2 before 1.5.2, as used in IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS) 7.0 through 7.0.0.12, IBM Feature Pack for Web Services 6.1.0.9 through 6.1.0.32, IBM Feature Pack for Web 2.0 1.0.1.0, Apache Synapse, Apache ODE, Apache Tuscany, Apache Geronimo, and other products, does not properly reject DTDs in SOAP messages, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files, send HTTP requests to intranet servers, or cause a denial of service (CPU and memory consumption) via a crafted DTD, as demonstrated by an entity declaration in a request to the Synapse SimpleStockQuoteService.
Memory leak in the apr_brigade_split_line function in buckets/apr_brigade.c in the Apache Portable Runtime Utility library (aka APR-util) before 1.3.10, as used in the mod_reqtimeout module in the Apache HTTP Server and other software, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via unspecified vectors related to the destruction of an APR bucket.
The Jetty ResourceHandler in Apache ActiveMQ 5.x before 5.3.2 and 5.4.x before 5.4.0 allows remote attackers to read JSP source code via a // (slash slash) initial substring in a URI for (1) admin/index.jsp, (2) admin/queues.jsp, or (3) admin/topics.jsp.
The (1) mod_cache and (2) mod_dav modules in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.x before 2.2.16 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (process crash) via a request that lacks a path.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the apache2-slms package in SUSE Lifecycle Management Server (SLMS) 1.0 on SUSE Linux Enterprise (SLE) 11 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via vectors related to improper parameter quoting.  NOTE: some sources report that this is a vulnerability in a product named "Apache SLMS," but that is incorrect.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in createDestination.action in Apache ActiveMQ before 5.3.1 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims for requests that create queues via the JMSDestination parameter in a queue action.
Apache Tomcat 5.5.0 through 5.5.29 and 6.0.0 through 6.0.26 might allow remote attackers to discover the server's hostname or IP address by sending a request for a resource that requires (1) BASIC or (2) DIGEST authentication, and then reading the realm field in the WWW-Authenticate header in the reply.
Race condition in the mod_auth_shadow module for the Apache HTTP Server allows remote attackers to bypass authentication, and read and possibly modify data, via vectors related to improper interaction with an external helper application for validation of credentials.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in createDestination.action in Apache ActiveMQ before 5.3.1 allows remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the JMSDestination parameter in a queue action.
The ap_read_request function in server/protocol.c in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.x before 2.2.15, when a multithreaded MPM is used, does not properly handle headers in subrequests in certain circumstances involving a parent request that has a body, which might allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a crafted request that triggers access to memory locations associated with an earlier request.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the Apache Open For Business Project (aka OFBiz) 09.04 and earlier, as used in Opentaps, Neogia, and Entente Oya, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the productStoreId parameter to control/exportProductListing, (2) the partyId parameter to partymgr/control/viewprofile (aka partymgr/control/login), (3) the start parameter to myportal/control/showPortalPage, (4) an invalid URI beginning with /facility/control/ReceiveReturn (aka /crmsfa/control/ReceiveReturn or /cms/control/ReceiveReturn), (5) the contentId parameter (aka the entityName variable) to ecommerce/control/ViewBlogArticle, (6) the entityName parameter to webtools/control/FindGeneric, or the (7) subject or (8) content parameter to an unspecified component under ecommerce/control/contactus.
modules/arch/win32/mod_isapi.c in mod_isapi in the Apache HTTP Server 2.0.37 through 2.0.63, 2.2.0 through 2.2.14, and 2.3.x before 2.3.7, when running on Windows, does not ensure that request processing is complete before calling isapi_unload for an ISAPI .dll module, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors related to a crafted request, a reset packet, and "orphaned callback pointers."
The ap_proxy_ajp_request function in mod_proxy_ajp.c in mod_proxy_ajp in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.x before 2.2.15 does not properly handle certain situations in which a client sends no request body, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (backend server outage) via a crafted request, related to use of a 500 error code instead of the appropriate 400 error code.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in maxImageUpload/index.php in PHP F1 Max's Image Uploader 1.0, when Apache is not configured to handle the mime-type for files with pjpeg or jpeg extensions, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by uploading a file with a pjpeg or jpeg extension, then accessing it via a direct request to the file in original/.  NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
Apache Axis2, as used in dswsbobje.war in SAP BusinessObjects Enterprise XI 3.2, CA ARCserve D2D r15, and other products, has a default password of axis2 for the admin account, which makes it easier for remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by uploading a crafted web service.
Integer overflow in the ap_proxy_send_fb function in proxy/proxy_util.c in mod_proxy in the Apache HTTP Server before 1.3.42 on 64-bit platforms allows remote origin servers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via a large chunk size that triggers a heap-based buffer overflow.
Apache CouchDB 0.8.0 through 0.10.1 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information by measuring the completion time of operations that verify (1) hashes or (2) passwords.
The default configuration of Apache Tomcat in Websense Manager in Websense Web Security 7.0 and Web Filter 7.0 allows connections to TCP port 1812 from arbitrary source IP addresses, which makes it easier for remote attackers to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks via UTF-7 text to the 404 error page of a Project Woodstock service on this port.
The default configuration of Apache Tomcat in Websense Manager in Websense Web Security 7.0 and Web Filter 7.0 enables weak SSL ciphers in conf/server.xml, which makes it easier for remote attackers to obtain sensitive information by sniffing the network and then conducting a brute-force attack against encrypted session data.
ModSecurity before 2.5.11 treats request parameter values containing single quotes as files, which allows remote attackers to bypass filtering rules and perform other attacks such as cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks via a single quote in a request parameter in the Content-Disposition field of a request with a multipart/form-data Content-Type header.
The SessionAdapter::ExchangeHandlerImpl::checkAlternate function in broker/SessionAdapter.cpp in the C++ Broker component in Apache Qpid before 0.6, as used in Red Hat Enterprise MRG before 1.3 and other products, allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference, daemon crash, and cluster outage) by attempting to modify the alternate of an exchange.
The Cluster::deliveredEvent function in cluster/Cluster.cpp in Apache Qpid, as used in Red Hat Enterprise MRG before 1.3 and other products, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash and cluster outage) via invalid AMQP data.
Memory leak in the zlib_stateful_finish function in crypto/comp/c_zlib.c in OpenSSL 0.9.8l and earlier and 1.0.0 Beta through Beta 4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via vectors that trigger incorrect calls to the CRYPTO_cleanup_all_ex_data function, as demonstrated by use of SSLv3 and PHP with the Apache HTTP Server, a related issue to CVE-2008-1678.
The password hash generation algorithm in the BUILTIN authentication functionality for Apache Derby before 10.6.1.0 performs a transformation that reduces the size of the set of inputs to SHA-1, which produces a small search space that makes it easier for local and possibly remote attackers to crack passwords by generating hash collisions, related to password substitution.
The console in Apache jUDDI 3.0.0 does not properly escape line feeds, which allows remote authenticated users to spoof log entries via the numRows parameter.
The VirtualBox 2.0.8 and 2.0.10 web service in Sun Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) 3.0 does not require authentication, which allows remote attackers to obtain unspecified access via vectors involving requests to an Apache HTTP Server.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in the wp_check_filetype function in wp-includes/functions.php in WordPress before 2.8.6, when a certain configuration of the mod_mime module in the Apache HTTP Server is enabled, allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code by posting an attachment with a multiple-extension filename, and then accessing this attachment via a direct request to a wp-content/uploads/ pathname, as demonstrated by a .php.jpg filename.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Apache Solr Search (solr) extension 1.0.0 for TYPO3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
The TLS protocol, and the SSL protocol 3.0 and possibly earlier, as used in Microsoft Internet Information Services (IIS) 7.0, mod_ssl in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.14 and earlier, OpenSSL before 0.9.8l, GnuTLS 2.8.5 and earlier, Mozilla Network Security Services (NSS) 3.12.4 and earlier, multiple Cisco products, and other products, does not properly associate renegotiation handshakes with an existing connection, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to insert data into HTTPS sessions, and possibly other types of sessions protected by TLS or SSL, by sending an unauthenticated request that is processed retroactively by a server in a post-renegotiation context, related to a "plaintext injection" attack, aka the "Project Mogul" issue.
The Windows installer for Apache Tomcat 6.0.0 through 6.0.20, 5.5.0 through 5.5.28, and possibly earlier versions uses a blank default password for the administrative user, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges.
The saveForwardAttachments procedure in the Compose Mail functionality in vtiger CRM 5.0.4 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code by composing an e-mail message with an attachment filename ending in (1) .php in installations based on certain Apache HTTP Server configurations, (2) .php. on Windows, or (3) .php/ on Linux, and then making a direct request to a certain pathname under storage/.
The mod_proxy_ftp module in the Apache HTTP Server allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions and send arbitrary commands to an FTP server via vectors related to the embedding of these commands in the Authorization HTTP header, as demonstrated by a certain module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.11.
The ap_proxy_ftp_handler function in modules/proxy/proxy_ftp.c in the mod_proxy_ftp module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.0.63 and 2.2.13 allows remote FTP servers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and child process crash) via a malformed reply to an EPSV command.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Apache Tomcat 5.5.0 through 5.5.28 and 6.0.0 through 6.0.20 allows remote attackers to delete work-directory files via directory traversal sequences in a WAR filename, as demonstrated by the ...war filename.
The autodeployment process in Apache Tomcat 5.5.0 through 5.5.28 and 6.0.0 through 6.0.20, when autoDeploy is enabled, deploys appBase files that remain from a failed undeploy, which might allow remote attackers to bypass intended authentication requirements via HTTP requests.
The Apache HTTP Server in Apple Mac OS X before 10.6.2 enables the HTTP TRACE method, which allows remote attackers to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks via unspecified web client software.
The Solaris pollset feature in the Event Port backend in poll/unix/port.c in the Apache Portable Runtime (APR) library before 1.3.9, as used in the Apache HTTP Server before 2.2.14 and other products, does not properly handle errors, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon hang) via unspecified HTTP requests, related to the prefork and event MPMs.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in jsp/cal/cal2.jsp in the calendar application in the examples web application in Apache Tomcat on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5, Desktop Workstation 5, and Linux Desktop 5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the time parameter, related to "invalid HTML." NOTE: this is due to a missing fix for CVE-2009-0781.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Apache Tomcat 5.5.0 through 5.5.28 and 6.0.0 through 6.0.20 allows remote attackers to create or overwrite arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in an entry in a WAR file, as demonstrated by a ../../bin/catalina.bat entry.
XMLScanner.java in Apache Xerces2 Java, as used in Sun Java Runtime Environment (JRE) in JDK and JRE 6 before Update 15 and JDK and JRE 5.0 before Update 20, and in other products, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop and application hang) via malformed XML input, as demonstrated by the Codenomicon XML fuzzing framework.
Multiple integer overflows in the Apache Portable Runtime (APR) library and the Apache Portable Utility library (aka APR-util) 0.9.x and 1.3.x allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via vectors that trigger crafted calls to the (1) allocator_alloc or (2) apr_palloc function in memory/unix/apr_pools.c in APR; or crafted calls to the (3) apr_rmm_malloc, (4) apr_rmm_calloc, or (5) apr_rmm_realloc function in misc/apr_rmm.c in APR-util; leading to buffer overflows. NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
The Artofdefence Hyperguard Web Application Firewall (WAF) module before 2.5.5-11635, 3.0 before 3.0.3-11636, and 3.1 before 3.1.1-11637, a module for the Apache HTTP Server, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via an HTTP request with a large Content-Length value but no POST data.
Off-by-one error in the apr_brigade_vprintf function in Apache APR-util before 1.3.5 on big-endian platforms allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information or cause a denial of service (application crash) via crafted input.
The expat XML parser in the apr_xml_* interface in xml/apr_xml.c in Apache APR-util before 1.3.7, as used in the mod_dav and mod_dav_svn modules in the Apache HTTP Server, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via a crafted XML document containing a large number of nested entity references, as demonstrated by a PROPFIND request, a similar issue to CVE-2003-1564.
The PDF XSS protection feature in ModSecurity before 2.5.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (Apache httpd crash) via a request for a PDF file that does not use the GET method.
The mod_deflate module in Apache httpd 2.2.11 and earlier compresses large files until completion even after the associated network connection is closed, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption).
The stream_reqbody_cl function in mod_proxy_http.c in the mod_proxy module in the Apache HTTP Server before 2.3.3, when a reverse proxy is configured, does not properly handle an amount of streamed data that exceeds the Content-Length value, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via crafted requests.
Stack consumption vulnerability in validators/DTD/DTDScanner.cpp in Apache Xerces C++ 2.7.0 and 2.8.0 allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via vectors involving nested parentheses and invalid byte values in "simply nested DTD structures," as demonstrated by the Codenomicon XML fuzzing framework.
Directory traversal vulnerability in client/desktop/default.htm in Boxalino before 09.05.25-0421 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the url parameter.
The Security Manager in razorCMS before 0.4 does not verify the permissions of every file owned by the apache user account, which is inconsistent with the documentation and allows local users to have an unspecified impact.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in C2Net Stronghold 2.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the URI.
Apache Tiles 2.1 before 2.1.2, as used in Apache Struts and other products, evaluates Expression Language (EL) expressions twice in certain circumstances, which allows remote attackers to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks or obtain sensitive information via unspecified vectors, related to the (1) tiles:putAttribute and (2) tiles:insertTemplate JSP tags.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache jUDDI before 2.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the dsname parameter to happyjuddi.jsp.
Apache jUDDI before 2.0 allows attackers to spoof entries in log files via vectors related to error logging of keys from uddiget.jsp.
The Apache HTTP Server 2.2.11 and earlier 2.2 versions does not properly handle Options=IncludesNOEXEC in the AllowOverride directive, which allows local users to gain privileges by configuring (1) Options Includes, (2) Options +Includes, or (3) Options +IncludesNOEXEC in a .htaccess file, and then inserting an exec element in a .shtml file.
mod_proxy_ajp.c in the mod_proxy_ajp module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.11 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive response data, intended for a client that sent an earlier POST request with no request body, via an HTTP request.
Unspecified vulnerability in the plug-ins for Apache and IIS web servers in Oracle BEA WebLogic Server 7.0 Gold through SP7, 8.1 Gold through SP6, 9.0, 9.1, 9.2 Gold through MP3, 10.0 Gold through MP1, and 10.3 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability.  NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the April 2009 CPU.  Oracle has not commented on claims from a reliable researcher that this is an integer overflow in an unspecified plug-in that parses HTTP requests, which leads to a heap-based buffer overflow.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in DFLabs PTK 1.0.0 through 1.0.4 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands in processes launched by PTK's Apache HTTP Server via (1) "external tools" or (2) a crafted forensic image.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Status.pm in Apache::Status and Apache2::Status in mod_perl1 and mod_perl2 for the Apache HTTP Server, when /perl-status is accessible, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the URI.
Apache Tomcat 4.1.0 through 4.1.39, 5.5.0 through 5.5.27, and 6.0.0 through 6.0.18 permits web applications to replace an XML parser used for other web applications, which allows local users to read or modify the (1) web.xml, (2) context.xml, or (3) tld files of arbitrary web applications via a crafted application that is loaded earlier than the target application.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in jsp/cal/cal2.jsp in the calendar application in the examples web application in Apache Tomcat 4.1.0 through 4.1.39, 5.5.0 through 5.5.27, and 6.0.0 through 6.0.18 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the time parameter, related to "invalid HTML."
PHP 4.4.4, 5.1.6, and other versions, when running on Apache, allows local users to modify behavior of other sites hosted on the same web server by modifying the mbstring.func_overload setting within .htaccess, which causes this setting to be applied to other virtual hosts on the same server.
Apache Tomcat 4.1.0 through 4.1.39, 5.5.0 through 5.5.27, and 6.0.0 through 6.0.18, when FORM authentication is used, allows remote attackers to enumerate valid usernames via requests to /j_security_check with malformed URL encoding of passwords, related to improper error checking in the (1) MemoryRealm, (2) DataSourceRealm, and (3) JDBCRealm authentication realms, as demonstrated by a % (percent) value for the j_password parameter.
Bugzilla 3.2.1, 3.0.7, and 3.3.2, when running under mod_perl, calls the srand function at startup time, which causes Apache children to have the same seed and produce insufficiently random numbers for random tokens, which allows remote attackers to bypass cross-site request forgery (CSRF) protection mechanisms and conduct unauthorized activities as other users.
The PNG reference library (aka libpng) before 1.0.43, and 1.2.x before 1.2.35, as used in pngcrush and other applications, allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via a crafted PNG file that triggers a free of an uninitialized pointer in (1) the png_read_png function, (2) pCAL chunk handling, or (3) setup of 16-bit gamma tables.
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in the web administration console in Apache Geronimo Application Server 2.1 through 2.1.3 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that (1) change the web administration password, (2) upload applications, and perform unspecified other administrative actions, as demonstrated by (3) a Shutdown request to console/portal//Server/Shutdown.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the web administration console in Apache Geronimo Application Server 2.1 through 2.1.3 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) name, (2) ip, (3) username, or (4) description parameter to console/portal/Server/Monitoring; or (5) the PATH_INFO to the default URI under console/portal/.
Apache Tomcat 4.1.0 through 4.1.39, 5.5.0 through 5.5.27, and 6.0.0 through 6.0.18, when the Java AJP connector and mod_jk load balancing are used, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application outage) via a crafted request with invalid headers, related to temporary blocking of connectors that have encountered errors, as demonstrated by an error involving a malformed HTTP Host header.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Apache Jackrabbit before 1.5.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the q parameter to (1) search.jsp or (2) swr.jsp.
The apr_strmatch_precompile function in strmatch/apr_strmatch.c in Apache APR-util before 1.3.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via crafted input involving (1) a .htaccess file used with the Apache HTTP Server, (2) the SVNMasterURI directive in the mod_dav_svn module in the Apache HTTP Server, (3) the mod_apreq2 module for the Apache HTTP Server, or (4) an application that uses the libapreq2 library, which triggers a heap-based buffer underflow.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the Help Contents web application (aka the Help Server) in Eclipse IDE, possibly 3.3.2, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the searchWord parameter to help/advanced/searchView.jsp or (2) the workingSet parameter in an add action to help/advanced/workingSetManager.jsp, a different issue than CVE-2010-4647.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Roller 2.3, 3.0, 3.1, and 4.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the q parameter in a search action.
ZoneMinder 1.23.3 on Fedora 10 sets the ownership of /etc/zm.conf to the apache user account, and sets the permissions to 0600, which makes it easier for remote attackers to modify this file by accessing it through a (1) PHP or (2) CGI script.
Novell Access Manager 3 SP4 does not properly expire X.509 certificate sessions, which allows physically proximate attackers to obtain a logged-in session by using a victim's web-browser process that continues to send the original and valid SSL sessionID, related to inability of Apache Tomcat to clear entries from its SSL cache.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Apache Struts 2.0.x before 2.0.11.1 and 2.1.x before 2.1.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via vectors associated with improper handling of (1) " (double quote) characters in the href attribute of an s:a tag and (2) parameters in the action attribute of an s:url tag.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in Apache Struts 2.0.x before 2.0.12 and 2.1.x before 2.1.3 allow remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a ..%252f (encoded dot dot slash) in a URI with a /struts/ path, related to (1) FilterDispatcher in 2.0.x and (2) DefaultStaticContentLoader in 2.1.x.
ParametersInterceptor in OpenSymphony XWork 2.0.x before 2.0.6 and 2.1.x before 2.1.2, as used in Apache Struts and other products, does not properly restrict # (pound sign) references to context objects, which allows remote attackers to execute Object-Graph Navigation Language (OGNL) statements and modify server-side context objects, as demonstrated by use of a \u0023 representation for the # character.
Novell NetWare 6.5 before Support Pack 8, when an OES2 Linux server is installed into the NDS tree, does not require a password for the ApacheAdmin console, which allows remote attackers to reconfigure the Apache HTTP Server via console operations.
Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the ModSecurity (aka mod_security) module 2.5.0 through 2.5.5 for the Apache HTTP Server, when SecCacheTransformations is enabled, allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) or bypass the product's functionality via unknown vectors related to "transformation caching."
The JK Connector (aka mod_jk) 1.2.0 through 1.2.26 in Apache Tomcat allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via an arbitrary request from an HTTP client, in opportunistic circumstances involving (1) a request from a different client that included a Content-Length header but no POST data or (2) a rapid series of requests, related to noncompliance with the AJP protocol's requirements for requests containing Content-Length headers.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in the web administration console in Apache Geronimo Application Server 2.1 through 2.1.3 on Windows allow remote attackers to upload files to arbitrary directories via directory traversal sequences in the (1) group, (2) artifact, (3) version, or (4) fileType parameter to console/portal//Services/Repository (aka the Services/Repository portlet); the (5) createDB parameter to console/portal/Embedded DB/DB Manager (aka the Embedded DB/DB Manager portlet); or the (6) filename parameter to the createKeystore script in the Security/Keystores portlet.
Apache Tomcat 4.1.0 through 4.1.39, 5.5.0 through 5.5.27, 6.0.0 through 6.0.18, and possibly earlier versions normalizes the target pathname before filtering the query string when using the RequestDispatcher method, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions and conduct directory traversal attacks via .. (dot dot) sequences and the WEB-INF directory in a Request.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle BEA WebLogic Server Plugins for Apache, Sun and IIS web servers component in BEA Product Suite 10.3, 10.0 MP1, 9.2 MP3, 9.1, 9.0, 8.1 SP6, and 7.0 SP7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors.
The doRead method in Apache Tomcat 4.1.32 through 4.1.34 and 5.5.10 through 5.5.20 does not return a -1 to indicate when a certain error condition has occurred, which can cause Tomcat to send POST content from one request to a different request.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server Plugins for Apache component in BEA Product Suite 10.3, 10.0 MP1, 9.2 MP3, 9.1, 9.0, 8.1 SP6, 7.0 SP7, and 6.1 SP7 allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via unknown vectors. NOTE: the previous information was obtained from the October 2008 CPU. Oracle has not commented on reliable researcher claims that this issue is a stack-based buffer overflow in the WebLogic Apache Connector, related to an invalid parameter.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun Solaris 10 and OpenSolaris before snv_96 allows (1) context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (panic) via vectors involving creation of a crafted file and use of the sendfilev system call, as demonstrated by a file served by an Apache 2.2.x web server with EnableSendFile configured; and (2) local users to cause a denial of service (panic) via a call to the sendfile system call, as reachable through the sendfilev library.
Apache Tomcat 5.5.0 and 4.1.0 through 4.1.31 allows remote attackers to bypass an IP address restriction and obtain sensitive information via a request that is processed concurrently with another request but in a different thread, leading to an instance-variable overwrite associated with a "synchronization problem" and lack of thread safety, and related to RemoteFilterValve, RemoteAddrValve, and RemoteHostValve.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the Apache Connector (mod_wl) in Oracle WebLogic Server (formerly BEA WebLogic Server) 10.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP version string, as demonstrated by a string after "POST /.jsp" in an HTTP request.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in proxy_ftp.c in the mod_proxy_ftp module in Apache 2.0.63 and earlier, and mod_proxy_ftp.c in the mod_proxy_ftp module in Apache 2.2.9 and earlier 2.2 versions, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a wildcard in the last directory component in the pathname in an FTP URI.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Apache Tomcat 4.1.0 through 4.1.37, 5.5.0 through 5.5.26, and 6.0.0 through 6.0.16, when allowLinking and UTF-8 are enabled, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via encoded directory traversal sequences in the URI, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2370. NOTE: versions earlier than 6.0.18 were reported affected, but the vendor advisory lists 6.0.16 as the last affected version.
Unrestricted file upload in the mcpuk file editor (atk/attributes/fck/editor/filemanager/browser/mcpuk/connectors/php/config.php) in Achievo 1.2.0 through 1.3.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by uploading a file with .php followed by a safe extension, then accessing it via a direct request to the file in the Achievo root directory.  NOTE: this is only a vulnerability in environments that support multiple extensions, such as Apache with the mod_mime module enabled.
TYPO3 4.0.x before 4.0.9, 4.1.x before 4.1.7, and 4.2.x before 4.2.1, uses an insufficiently restrictive default fileDenyPattern for Apache, which allows remote attackers to bypass security restrictions and upload configuration files such as .htaccess, or conduct file upload attacks using multiple extensions.
Unspecified vulnerability in the WebLogic Server Plugins for Apache, Sun and IIS web servers component in Oracle BEA Product Suite 10.0 MP1, 9.2 MP3, 9.1, 9.0, 8.1 SP6, 7.0 SP7, and 6.1 SP7 has unknown impact and remote attack vectors.
SQL injection vulnerability in mod_auth_mysql.c in the mod-auth-mysql (aka libapache2-mod-auth-mysql) module for the Apache HTTP Server 2.x, when configured to use a multibyte character set that allows a \ (backslash) as part of the character encoding, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified inputs in a login request.
Apache Tomcat 4.1.0 through 4.1.37, 5.5.0 through 5.5.26, and 6.0.0 through 6.0.16, when a RequestDispatcher is used, performs path normalization before removing the query string from the URI, which allows remote attackers to conduct directory traversal attacks and read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in a request parameter.
The ap_proxy_http_process_response function in mod_proxy_http.c in the mod_proxy module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.0.63 and 2.2.8 does not limit the number of forwarded interim responses, which allows remote HTTP servers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via a large number of interim responses.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache 2.2.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via UTF-7 encoded URLs that are not properly handled when displaying the 403 Forbidden error page.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Struts before 1.2.9-162.31.1 on SUSE Linux Enterprise (SLE) 11, before 1.2.9-108.2 on SUSE openSUSE 10.3, before 1.2.9-198.2 on SUSE openSUSE 11.0, and before 1.2.9-162.163.2 on SUSE openSUSE 11.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors related to "insufficient quoting of parameters."
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Tomcat 5.5.9 through 5.5.26 and 6.0.0 through 6.0.16 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the name parameter (aka the hostname attribute) to host-manager/html/add.
Interpretation conflict in PHP Toolkit before 1.0.1 on Gentoo Linux might allow local users to cause a denial of service (PHP outage) and read contents of PHP scripts by creating a file with a one-letter lowercase alphabetic name, which triggers interpretation of a certain unquoted [a-z] argument as a matching shell glob for this name, rather than interpretation as the literal [a-z] regular-expression string, and consequently blocks the launch of the PHP interpreter within the Apache HTTP Server.
Memory leak in the zlib_stateful_init function in crypto/comp/c_zlib.c in libssl in OpenSSL 0.9.8f through 0.9.8h allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via multiple calls, as demonstrated by initial SSL client handshakes to the Apache HTTP Server mod_ssl that specify a compression algorithm.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Tomcat 4.1.0 through 4.1.37, 5.5.0 through 5.5.26, and 6.0.0 through 6.0.16 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a crafted string that is used in the message argument to the HttpServletResponse.sendError method.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in BEA WebLogic Workshop 8.1 through SP6 and Workshop for WebLogic 9.0 through 10.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a "framework defined request parameter" when using WebLogic Workshop or Apache Beehive NetUI framework with page flows.
The init script for Apache Geronimo on SUSE Linux follows symlinks when performing a chown operation, which might allow local users to obtain access to unspecified files or directories.
The ExpandCert function in Apache-SSL before apache_1.3.41+ssl_1.59 does not properly handle (1) '/' and (2) '=' characters in a Distinguished Name (DN) in a client certificate, which might allow remote attackers to bypass authentication via a crafted DN that triggers overwriting of environment variables.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in the FileUpload class running on the Symantec LiveState Apache Tomcat server, as used by Symantec Backup Exec System Recovery Manager 7.0 and 7.0.1, allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary JSP files via unknown vectors.
CRLF injection vulnerability in the mod_negotiation module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.6 and earlier in the 2.2.x series, 2.0.61 and earlier in the 2.0.x series, and 1.3.39 and earlier in the 1.3.x series allows remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary HTTP headers and conduct HTTP response splitting attacks by uploading a file with a multi-line name containing HTTP header sequences and a file extension, which leads to injection within a (1) "406 Not Acceptable" or (2) "300 Multiple Choices" HTTP response when the extension is omitted in a request for the file.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the mod_negotiation module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.6 and earlier in the 2.2.x series, 2.0.61 and earlier in the 2.0.x series, and 1.3.39 and earlier in the 1.3.x series allows remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML by uploading a file with a name containing XSS sequences and a file extension, which leads to injection within a (1) "406 Not Acceptable" or (2) "300 Multiple Choices" HTTP response when the extension is omitted in a request for the file.
The SingleSignOn Valve (org.apache.catalina.authenticator.SingleSignOn) in Apache Tomcat before 5.5.21 does not set the secure flag for the JSESSIONIDSSO cookie in an https session, which can cause the cookie to be sent in http requests and make it easier for remote attackers to capture this cookie.
mod_proxy_ftp in Apache 2.2.x before 2.2.7-dev, 2.0.x before 2.0.62-dev, and 1.3.x before 1.3.40-dev does not define a charset, which allows remote attackers to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks using UTF-7 encoding.
Apache Tomcat 6.0.0 through 6.0.15 processes parameters in the context of the wrong request when an exception occurs during parameter processing, which might allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, as demonstrated by disconnecting during this processing in order to trigger the exception.
The Apache HTTP Server 1.x and 2.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon outage) via partial HTTP requests, as demonstrated by Slowloris, related to the lack of the mod_reqtimeout module in versions before 2.2.15.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Dojo 0.4.1 and 0.4.2, as used in Apache Struts and other products, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors involving (1) xip_client.html and (2) xip_server.html in src/io/.
Apache HTTP Server, when running on Linux with a document root on a Windows share mounted using smbfs, allows remote attackers to obtain unprocessed content such as source files for .php programs via a trailing "\" (backslash), which is not handled by the intended AddType directive.
** DISPUTED **
The balancer_handler function in mod_proxy_balancer in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.0 through 2.2.6, when a threaded Multi-Processing Module is used, allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (child process crash) via an invalid bb variable.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in balancer-manager in mod_proxy_balancer in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.0 through 2.2.6 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) ss, (2) wr, or (3) rr parameters, or (4) the URL.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the balancer-manager in mod_proxy_balancer for Apache HTTP Server 2.2.x allows remote attackers to gain privileges via unspecified vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in mod_status in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.0 through 2.2.6, 2.0.35 through 2.0.61, and 1.3.2 through 1.3.39, when the server-status page is enabled, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
Gekko 0.8.2 and earlier stores sensitive information under the web root with possibly insufficient access control, which might allow remote attackers to read certain files under temp/, as demonstrated by a log file that records the titles of blog entries.  NOTE: access to temp/ is blocked by .htaccess in most deployments that use Apache HTTP Server.
SQL injection vulnerability in the David Castro AuthCAS module (AuthCAS.pm) 0.4 for the Apache HTTP Server allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the SESSION_COOKIE_NAME (session ID) in a cookie.
Apache Tomcat 5.5.11 through 5.5.25 and 6.0.0 through 6.0.15, when the native APR connector is used, does not properly handle an empty request to the SSL port, which allows remote attackers to trigger handling of "a duplicate copy of one of the recent requests," as demonstrated by using netcat to send the empty request.
Multiple stack-based buffer overflows in the legacy mod_jk2 2.0.3-DEV and earlier Apache module allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long (1) Host header, or (2) Hostname within a Host header.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in tellmatic 1.0.7 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the tm_includepath parameter to (1) Classes.inc.php, (2) statistic.inc.php, (3) status.inc.php, (4) status_top_x.inc.php, or (5) libchart-1.1/libchart.php in include/.  NOTE: access to include/ is blocked by .htaccess in most deployments that use Apache HTTP Server.
Apache HTTP Server 2.0.x and 2.2.x does not sanitize the HTTP Method specifier header from an HTTP request when it is reflected back in a "413 Request Entity Too Large" error message, which might allow cross-site scripting (XSS) style attacks using web client components that can send arbitrary headers in requests, as demonstrated via an HTTP request containing an invalid Content-length value, a similar issue to CVE-2006-3918.
SQLLoginModule in Apache Geronimo 2.0 through 2.1 does not throw an exception for a nonexistent username, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via a login attempt with any username not contained in the database.
Absolute path traversal vulnerability in Apache Jakarta Slide 2.1 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to read arbitrary files via a WebDAV write request that specifies an entity with a SYSTEM tag, a related issue to CVE-2007-5461.
Absolute path traversal vulnerability in Apache Tomcat 4.0.0 through 4.0.6, 4.1.0, 5.0.0, 5.5.0 through 5.5.25, and 6.0.0 through 6.0.14, under certain configurations, allows remote authenticated users to read arbitrary files via a WebDAV write request that specifies an entity with a SYSTEM tag.
The default catalina.policy in the JULI logging component in Apache Tomcat 5.5.9 through 5.5.25 and 6.0.0 through 6.0.15 does not restrict certain permissions for web applications, which allows attackers to modify logging configuration options and overwrite arbitrary files, as demonstrated by changing the (1) level, (2) directory, and (3) prefix attributes in the org.apache.juli.FileHandler handler.
Apache Tomcat 6.0.0 through 6.0.14, 5.5.0 through 5.5.25, and 4.1.0 through 4.1.36 does not properly handle (1) double quote (") characters or (2) %5C (encoded backslash) sequences in a cookie value, which might cause sensitive information such as session IDs to be leaked to remote attackers and enable session hijacking attacks. NOTE: this issue exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2007-3385.
Incomplete blacklist vulnerability in editor/filemanager/upload/php/upload.php in FCKeditor, as used in SiteX CMS 0.7.3.beta, La-Nai CMS, Syntax CMS, Cardinal Cms, and probably other products, allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary PHP code via a file whose name contains ".php." and has an unknown extension, which is recognized as a .php file by the Apache HTTP server, a different vulnerability than CVE-2006-0658 and CVE-2006-2529.
Unspecified vulnerability in the management EJB (MEJB) in Apache Geronimo before 2.0.2 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and obtain "access to Geronimo internals" via unspecified vectors.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the (1) mod_imap module in the Apache HTTP Server 1.3.0 through 1.3.39 and 2.0.35 through 2.0.61 and the (2) mod_imagemap module in the Apache HTTP Server 2.2.0 through 2.2.6 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in cal2.jsp in the calendar examples application in Apache Tomcat 4.1.31 allows remote attackers to add events as arbitrary users via the time and description parameters.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Ragnarok Online Control Panel 4.3.4a, when the Apache HTTP Server is used, allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via directory traversal sequences in a URI that ends with the name of a publicly available page, as demonstrated by a "/...../" sequence and an account_manage.php/login.php final component for reaching the protected account_manage.php page.
Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in Pakupaku CMS 0.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the page parameter, as demonstrated by injecting code into an Apache log file.
Struts support in OpenSymphony XWork before 1.2.3, and 2.x before 2.0.4, as used in WebWork and Apache Struts, recursively evaluates all input as an Object-Graph Navigation Language (OGNL) expression when altSyntax is enabled, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) or execute arbitrary code via form input beginning with a "%{" sequence and ending with a "}" character.
The login method in LoginModule implementations in Apache Geronimo 2.0 does not throw FailedLoginException for failed logins, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication requirements, deploy arbitrary modules, and gain administrative access by sending a blank username and password with the command line deployer in the deployment module.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in mod_autoindex.c in the Apache HTTP Server before 2.2.6, when the charset on a server-generated page is not defined, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the P parameter using the UTF-7 charset.  NOTE: it could be argued that this issue is due to a design limitation of browsers that attempt to perform automatic content type detection.
The date handling code in modules/proxy/proxy_util.c (mod_proxy) in Apache 2.3.0, when using a threaded MPM, allows remote origin servers to cause a denial of service (caching forward proxy process crash) via crafted date headers that trigger a buffer over-read.
The Apache Web Server as used in Novell NetWare 6.5 and GroupWise allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a certain directive to Apache that causes the HTTP-Header response to be modified, which may reveal the server's internal IP address.
MySQLDumper 1.21b through 1.23 REV227 uses a "Limit GET" statement in the .htaccess authentication mechanism, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication requirements via HTTP POST requests.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Host Manager Servlet for Apache Tomcat 6.0.0 to 6.0.13 and 5.5.0 to 5.5.24 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML and web script via crafted requests, as demonstrated using the aliases parameter to an html/add action.
Apache Tomcat 6.0.0 to 6.0.13, 5.5.0 to 5.5.24, 5.0.0 to 5.0.30, 4.1.0 to 4.1.36, and 3.3 to 3.3.2 does not properly handle the \" character sequence in a cookie value, which might cause sensitive information such as session IDs to be leaked to remote attackers and enable session hijacking attacks.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in examples/servlet/CookieExample in Apache Tomcat 3.3 through 3.3.2 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) Name or (2) Value field, related to error messages.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in SendMailServlet in the examples web application (examples/jsp/mail/sendmail.jsp) in Apache Tomcat 4.0.0 through 4.0.6 and 4.1.0 through 4.1.36 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the From field and possibly other fields, related to generation of error messages.
Apache Tomcat 6.0.0 to 6.0.13, 5.5.0 to 5.5.24, 5.0.0 to 5.0.30, 4.1.0 to 4.1.36, and 3.3 to 3.3.2 treats single quotes ("'") as delimiters in cookies, which might cause sensitive information such as session IDs to be leaked and allow remote attackers to conduct session hijacking attacks.
The (1) session_save_path, (2) ini_set, and (3) error_log functions in PHP 4.4.7 and earlier, and PHP 5 5.2.3 and earlier, when invoked from a .htaccess file, allow remote attackers to bypass safe_mode and open_basedir restrictions and possibly execute arbitrary commands, as demonstrated using (a) php_value, (b) php_flag, and (c) directives in .htaccess.
Apache httpd 1.3.37, 2.0.59, and 2.2.4 with the Prefork MPM module, allows local users to cause a denial of service by modifying the worker_score and process_score arrays to reference an arbitrary process ID, which is sent a SIGUSR1 signal from the master process, aka "SIGUSR1 killer."
Apache httpd 2.0.59 and 2.2.4, with the Prefork MPM module, allows local users to cause a denial of service via certain code sequences executed in a worker process that (1) stop request processing by killing all worker processes and preventing creation of replacements or (2) hang the system by forcing the master process to fork an arbitrarily large number of worker processes.  NOTE: This might be an inherent design limitation of Apache with respect to worker processes in hosted environments.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in certain JSF applications in Apache MyFaces Tomahawk before 1.1.6 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script via the autoscroll parameter, which is injected into Javascript that is sent to the client.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the (1) Manager and (2) Host Manager web applications in Apache Tomcat 4.0.0 through 4.0.6, 4.1.0 through 4.1.36, 5.0.0 through 5.0.30, 5.5.0 through 5.5.24, and 6.0.0 through 6.0.13 allow remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a parameter name to manager/html/upload, and other unspecified vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in certain JSP files in the examples web application in Apache Tomcat 4.0.0 through 4.0.6, 4.1.0 through 4.1.36, 5.0.0 through 5.0.30, 5.5.0 through 5.5.24, and 6.0.0 through 6.0.13 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the portion of the URI after the ';' character, as demonstrated by a URI containing a "snp/snoop.jsp;" sequence.
Apache Axis 1.0 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information by requesting a non-existent WSDL file, which reveals the installation path in the resulting exception message.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in the UpLoad feature (lib/plugin/UpLoad.php) in PhpWiki 1.3.11p1 allows remote attackers to upload arbitrary PHP files with a double extension, as demonstrated by .php.3, which is interpreted by Apache as being a valid PHP file.
cache_util.c in the mod_cache module in Apache HTTP Server (httpd), when caching is enabled and a threaded Multi-Processing Module (MPM) is used, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (child processing handler crash) via a request with the (1) s-maxage, (2) max-age, (3) min-fresh, or (4) max-stale Cache-Control headers without a value.
The recall_headers function in mod_mem_cache in Apache 2.2.4 does not properly copy all levels of header data, which can cause Apache to return HTTP headers containing previously used data, which could be used by remote attackers to obtain potentially sensitive information.
mod_jk in Apache Tomcat JK Web Server Connector 1.2.x before 1.2.23 decodes request URLs within the Apache HTTP Server before passing the URL to Tomcat, which allows remote attackers to access protected pages via a crafted prefix JkMount, possibly involving double-encoded .. (dot dot) sequences and directory traversal, a related issue to CVE-2007-0450.
The default SSL cipher configuration in Apache Tomcat 4.1.28 through 4.1.31, 5.0.0 through 5.0.30, and 5.5.0 through 5.5.17 uses certain insecure ciphers, including the anonymous cipher, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information or have other, unspecified impacts.
Directory traversal vulnerability in login.php in JSBoard before 2.0.12 allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the table parameter, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file, a related issue to CVE-2006-2019.
Directory traversal vulnerability in inc/lang.php in sBLOG 0.7.3 Beta allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the conf_lang_default parameter, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file, which is then included by inc/lang.php.
suexec in Apache HTTP Server (httpd) 2.2.3 does not verify combinations of user and group IDs on the command line, which might allow local users to leverage other vulnerabilities to create arbitrary UID/GID owned files if /proc is mounted. NOTE: the researcher, who is reliable, claims that the vendor disputes the issue because "the attacks described rely on an insecure server configuration" in which the user "has write access to the document root." In addition, because this is dependent on other vulnerabilities, perhaps this is resultant and should not be included in CVE.
suexec in Apache HTTP Server (httpd) 2.2.3 uses a partial comparison for verifying whether the current directory is within the document root, which might allow local users to perform unauthorized operations on incorrect directories, as demonstrated using "html_backup" and "htmleditor" under an "html" directory. NOTE: the researcher, who is reliable, claims that the vendor disputes the issue because "the attacks described rely on an insecure server configuration" in which the user "has write access to the document root."
Multiple race conditions in suexec in Apache HTTP Server (httpd) 2.2.3 between directory and file validation, and their usage, allow local users to gain privileges and execute arbitrary code by renaming directories or performing symlink attacks. NOTE: the researcher, who is reliable, claims that the vendor disputes the issue because "the attacks described rely on an insecure server configuration" in which the user "has write access to the document root."
Directory traversal vulnerability in addressbook.php in the Addressbook 1.2 module for PHP-Nuke allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the module_name parameter, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file.
Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in RoseOnlineCMS 3 B1 allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) sequence in the op parameter, as demonstrated by injecting PHP code into Apache log files via the URL and User-Agent HTTP header.
Directory traversal vulnerability in bbcode_ref.php in the Giorgio Ciranni Splatt Forum 4.0 RC1 module for PHP-Nuke allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the name parameter, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file, which is then included by bbcode_ref.php.
Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in GeBlog 0.1 allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the GLOBALS[tplname] parameter, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file, which is then included by index.php.
Directory traversal vulnerability in inc/map.func.php in pragmaMX Landkarten 2.1 module allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) sequence in the module_name parameter, as demonstrated via a static PHP code injection attack in an Apache log file.
Directory traversal vulnerability in themes/default/ in ZomPlog 3.7.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to include arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the settings[skin] parameter, as demonstrated by injecting PHP code into an Apache HTTP Server log file, which can then be included via themes/default/.
Apache Tomcat in Avaya S87XX, S8500, and S8300 before CM 3.1.3, and Avaya SES allows connections from external interfaces via port 8009, which exposes it to attacks from outside parties.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in certain applications using Apache Tomcat 4.0.0 through 4.0.6 and 4.1.0 through 4.1.34 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via crafted "Accept-Language headers that do not conform to RFC 2616".
PerlRun.pm in Apache mod_perl before 1.30, and RegistryCooker.pm in mod_perl 2.x, does not properly escape PATH_INFO before use in a regular expression, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource consumption) via a crafted URI.
Variable extraction vulnerability in Ian Bezanson Apache Stats before 0.0.3 beta allows attackers to overwrite critical variables, with unknown impact, when the extract function is used on the _REQUEST superglobal array.
Variable extract vulnerability in Apache Stats before 0.0.3beta allows attackers to modify arbitrary variables and conduct attacks via unknown vectors involving the use of PHP's extract function.
Off-by-one error in the str_ireplace function in PHP 5.2.1 might allow context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (crash).
The mod_perl initialization script in Bugzilla 2.23.3 does not set the Bugzilla Apache configuration to allow .htaccess permissions to override file permissions, which allows remote attackers to obtain the database username and password via a direct request for the localconfig file.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the map_uri_to_worker function (native/common/jk_uri_worker_map.c) in mod_jk.so for Apache Tomcat JK Web Server Connector 1.2.19 and 1.2.20, as used in Tomcat 4.1.34 and 5.5.20, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long URL that triggers the overflow in a URI worker map routine.
Directory traversal vulnerability in zd_numer.php in Galeria Zdjec 3.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the galeria parameter, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file, which is then included by zd_numer.php.
Apache SpamAssassin before 3.1.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via long URLs in malformed HTML, which triggers "massive memory usage."
Directory traversal vulnerability in Apache HTTP Server and Tomcat 5.x before 5.5.22 and 6.x before 6.0.10, when using certain proxy modules (mod_proxy, mod_rewrite, mod_jk), allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) sequence with combinations of (1) "/" (slash), (2) "\" (backslash), and (3) URL-encoded backslash (%5C) characters in the URL, which are valid separators in Tomcat but not in Apache.
The BEA WebLogic Server proxy plug-in before June 2006 for the Apache HTTP Server does not properly handle protocol errors, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (server outage).
Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in L2J Statistik Script 0.09 and earlier, when register_globals is enabled and magic_quotes is disabled, allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the page parameter, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file, which is then included by index.php.
Directory traversal vulnerability in language.php in VerliAdmin 0.3 and earlier, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the lang cookie, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file, which is then included by language.php.
** DISPUTED **
** DISPUTED **
Apache Derby before 10.2.1.6 does not determine schema privilege requirements during the DropSchemaNode bind phase, which allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary drop schema statements in SQL authorization mode.
Apache Derby before 10.2.1.6 does not determine privilege requirements for lock table statements at compilation time, and consequently does not enforce privilege requirements at execution time, which allows remote authenticated users to lock arbitrary tables.
The AJP connector in Apache Tomcat 5.5.15 uses an incorrect length for chunks, which can cause a buffer over-read in the ajp_process_callback in mod_jk, which allows remote attackers to read portions of sensitive memory.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the calendar application example in Apache Tomcat 4.0.0 through 4.0.6, 4.1.0 through 4.1.31, 5.0.0 through 5.0.30, and 5.5.0 through 5.5.15 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the time parameter to cal2.jsp and possibly unspecified other vectors. NOTE: this may be related to CVE-2006-0254.1.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in implicit-objects.jsp in Apache Tomcat 5.0.0 through 5.0.30 and 5.5.0 through 5.5.17 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via certain header values.
The Debian GNU/Linux 033_-F_NO_SETSID patch for the Apache HTTP Server 1.3.34-4 does not properly disassociate httpd from a controlling tty when httpd is started interactively, which allows local users to gain privileges to that tty via a CGI program that calls the TIOCSTI ioctl.
Directory traversal vulnerability in includes/search/search_mdforum.php in MAXdev MDForum 2.0.1 and earlier, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled and register_globals is enabled, allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the PNSVlang cookie to error.php, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file, which is then included by error.php.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Novell NetWare 6.5 Support Pack 5 and 6 and Novell Apache on NetWare 2.0.48 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified parameters in Welcome web-app.
Directory traversal vulnerability in language.php in phpAlbum 0.4.1 Beta 6 and earlier, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled and register_globals is enabled, allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files or obtain sensitive information via a .. (dot dot) in the pa_lang[include_file] parameter, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file, which is then included by language.php.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in ecommerce/control/keywordsearch in the Apache Open For Business Project (OFBiz) and Opentaps 0.9.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the SEARCH_STRING parameter, a different issue than CVE-2006-6587. NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
The forum implementation in the ecommerce component in the Apache Open For Business Project (OFBiz) trusts the (1) dataResourceTypeId, (2) contentTypeId, and certain other hidden form fields, which allows remote attackers to create unauthorized types of content, modify content, or have other unknown impact.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the forum implementation in the ecommerce component in the Apache Open For Business Project (OFBiz) allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML by posting a message.
Directory traversal vulnerability in error.php in Envolution 1.1.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the PNSVlang (PNSV lang) parameter, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file, which is then included by error.php.
Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in Open Solution Quick.Cart 2.0, when register_globals is enabled and magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allow remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the config[db_type] parameter to (1) categories.php, (2) couriers.php, (3) orders.php, and (4) products.php in actions_admin/; and (5) orders.php and (6) products.php in actions_client/; as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file, which is then included by one of these PHP scripts.
TWiki 4.0.5 and earlier, when running under Apache 1.3 using ApacheLogin with sessions and "ErrorDocument 401" redirects to a valid wiki topic, does not properly handle failed login attempts, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary content by cancelling out of a failed authentication with a valid username and invalid password.
Directory traversal vulnerability in manager/index.php in Etomite 0.6.1.2 allows remote authenticated administrators to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the f parameter, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file, which is then included by index.php.
Directory traversal vulnerability in lang.php in Rama CMS 0.68 and earlier, when register_globals is enabled, allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the lang cookie, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file, which is then included by lang.php.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in mod_status.c in the mod_status module in Apache HTTP Server (httpd), when ExtendedStatus is enabled and a public server-status page is used, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors involving charsets with browsers that perform "charset detection" when the content-type is not specified.
Directory traversal vulnerability in error.php in PostNuke 0.763 and earlier allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the PNSVlang (PNSV lang) cookie, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file, which is then included by error.php.
Directory traversal vulnerability in templates/header.php3 in phpMyAgenda 3.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via a .. (dot dot) in the language parameter, as demonstrated by a parameter value naming an Apache HTTP Server log file that apparently contains PHP code.
Multiple unquoted Windows search path vulnerabilities in Apache Friends XAMPP 1.5.2 might allow local users to gain privileges via a malicious program file in %SYSTEMDRIVE%, which is run when XAMPP attempts to execute (1) FileZillaServer.exe, (2) mysqld-nt.exe, (3) Perl.exe, or (4) xamppcontrol.exe with an unquoted "Program Files" pathname.
Directory traversal vulnerability in SZEWO PhpCommander 3.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in the Directory parameter, as demonstrated by parameter values naming Apache HTTP Server log files that apparently contain PHP code.
PHP 4.x up to 4.4.4 and PHP 5 up to 5.1.6 allows local users to bypass certain Apache HTTP Server httpd.conf options, such as safe_mode and open_basedir, via the ini_restore function, which resets the values to their php.ini (Master Value) defaults.
DeluxeBB 1.06 and earlier, when run on the Apache HTTP Server with the mod_mime module, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code by uploading files with double extensions via the fileupload parameter in a newthread action in newpost.php.
Directory traversal vulnerability in memcp.php in XMB (Extreme Message Board) 1.9.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in the langfilenew parameter, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file, which is then included by header.php.
Format string vulnerability in the mod_tcl module 1.0 for Apache 2.x allows context-dependent attackers to execute arbitrary code via format string specifiers that are not properly handled in a set_var function call in (1) tcl_cmds.c and (2) tcl_core.c.
Apache 2.2.2, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to read source code of CGI programs via a request that contains uppercase (or alternate case) characters that bypass the case-sensitive ScriptAlias directive, but allow access to the file on case-insensitive file systems.
Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in vbPortal 3.0.2 through 3.6.0 Beta 1, when magic_quotes_gpc is disabled, allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in the bbvbplang cookie, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache HTTP Server log file, which is then included by index.php.
http_protocol.c in (1) IBM HTTP Server 6.0 before 6.0.2.13 and 6.1 before 6.1.0.1, and (2) Apache HTTP Server 1.3 before 1.3.35, 2.0 before 2.0.58, and 2.2 before 2.2.2, does not sanitize the Expect header from an HTTP request when it is reflected back in an error message, which might allow cross-site scripting (XSS) style attacks using web client components that can send arbitrary headers in requests, as demonstrated using a Flash SWF file.
Apache Tomcat 5 before 5.5.17 allows remote attackers to list directories via a semicolon (;) preceding a filename with a mapped extension, as demonstrated by URLs ending with /;index.jsp and /;help.do.
Off-by-one error in the ldap scheme handling in the Rewrite module (mod_rewrite) in Apache 1.3 from 1.3.28, 2.0.46 and other versions before 2.0.59, and 2.2, when RewriteEngine is enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via crafted URLs that are not properly handled using certain rewrite rules.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in connectors/php/connector.php in FCKeditor mcpuk file manager, as used in (1) Geeklog 1.4.0 through 1.4.0sr3, (2) toendaCMS 1.0.0 Shizouka Stable and earlier, (3) WeBid 0.5.4, and possibly other products, when installed on Apache with mod_mime, allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary PHP code via a filename with a .php extension and a trailing extension that is allowed, such as .zip.
Race condition in articles/BitArticle.php in Bitweaver 1.3, when run on Apache with the mod_mime extension, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code by uploading arbitrary files with double extensions, which are stored for a small period of time under the webroot in the temp/articles directory.
write_ok.php in Zeroboard 4.1 pl8, when installed on Apache with mod_mime, allows remote attackers to bypass restrictions for uploading files with executable extensions by uploading a .htaccess file that with an AddType directive that assigns an executable module to files with assumed-safe extensions, as demonstrated by assigning the txt extension to be handled by application/x-httpd-php.
Drupal 4.6.x before 4.6.8 and 4.7.x before 4.7.2, when running under certain Apache configurations such as when FileInfo overrides are disabled within .htaccess, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by uploading a file with multiple extensions, a variant of CVE-2006-2743.
The SMTP server in Apache Java Mail Enterprise Server (aka Apache James) 2.2.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a long argument to the MAIL command.
Drupal 4.6.x before 4.6.7 and 4.7.0, when running on Apache with mod_mime, does not properly handle files with multiple extensions, which allows remote attackers to upload, modify, or execute arbitrary files in the files directory.
Coppermine galleries before 1.4.6, when running on Apache with mod_mime installed, allows remote attackers to upload arbitrary files via a filename with multiple file extensions.
PHP-Fusion 6.00.306 and earlier, running under Apache HTTP Server 1.3.27 and PHP 4.3.3, allows remote authenticated users to upload files of arbitrary types using a filename that contains two or more extensions that ends in an assumed-valid extension such as .gif, which bypasses the validation, as demonstrated by uploading then executing an avatar file that ends in ".php.gif" and contains PHP code in EXIF metadata.
A carefully crafted If: request header can cause a memory read, or write of a single zero byte, in a pool (heap) memory location beyond the header value sent. This could cause the process to crash. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server 2.4.54 and earlier.
Directory traversal vulnerability in doc/index.php in Jeremy Ashcraft Simplog 0.9.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in the s parameter, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache error_log file, which is then included by doc/index.php.
PHP 4.4.2 and 5.1.2 allows local users to cause a crash (segmentation fault) by defining and executing a recursive function.  NOTE: it has been reported by a reliable third party that some later versions are also affected.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in (1) LookupDispatchAction and possibly (2) DispatchAction and (3) ActionDispatcher in Apache Software Foundation (ASF) Struts before 1.2.9 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the parameter name, which is not filtered in the resulting error message.
ActionForm in Apache Software Foundation (ASF) Struts before 1.2.9 with BeanUtils 1.7 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a multipart/form-data encoded form with a parameter name that references the public getMultipartRequestHandler method, which provides further access to elements in the CommonsMultipartRequestHandler implementation and BeanUtils.
Apache Software Foundation (ASF) Struts before 1.2.9 allows remote attackers to bypass validation via a request with a 'org.apache.struts.taglib.html.Constants.CANCEL' parameter, which causes the action to be canceled but would not be detected from applications that do not use the isCancelled check.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the mod_pubcookie Apache application server module in University of Washington Pubcookie 1.x, 3.0.0, 3.1.0, 3.1.1, 3.2 before 3.2.1b, and 3.3 before 3.3.0a allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified attack vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in inc/setLang.php in Greg Neustaetter gCards 1.45 and earlier allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences in a lang[*][file] parameter, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache access_log file, which is then included by index.php.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Jim Hu and Chad Little PHP iCalendar 2.21 and earlier allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences and a NUL (%00) character in the phpicalendar[cookie_language] and phpicalendar[cookie_style] cookies, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache access_log file, which is then included by day.php.
Directory traversal vulnerability in install05.php in Simple PHP Blog (SPB) 0.4.7.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary local files via directory traversal sequences and a NUL (%00) character in the blog_language parameter, as demonstrated by injecting PHP sequences into an Apache access_log file, which is then included using install05.php.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the FileSession object in Mod_python module 3.2.7 for Apache allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a crafted session cookie.
htpasswd, as used in Acme thttpd 2.25b and possibly other products such as Apache, might allow local users to gain privileges via shell metacharacters in a command line argument, which is used in a call to the system function.  NOTE: since htpasswd is normally installed as a non-setuid program, and the exploit is through command line options, perhaps this issue should not be included in CVE.  However, if there are some typical or recommended configurations that use htpasswd with sudo privileges, or common products that access htpasswd remotely, then perhaps it should be included.
Multiple buffer overflows in htpasswd, as used in Acme thttpd 2.25b, and possibly other products such as Apache, might allow local users to gain privileges via (1) a long command line argument and (2) a long line in a file.  NOTE: since htpasswd is normally installed as a non-setuid program, and the exploit is through command line options, perhaps this issue should not be included in CVE.  However, if there are some typical or recommended configurations that use htpasswd with sudo privileges, or common products that access htpasswd remotely, then perhaps it should be included.
Format string vulnerability in LocalSyslogAppender in Apache log4net 1.2.9 might allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and termination) via unknown vectors.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Apache Geronimo 1.0 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) time parameter to cal2.jsp and (2) any invalid parameter, which causes an XSS when the log file is viewed by the Web-Access-Log viewer.
Multiple format string vulnerabilities in the auth_ldap_log_reason function in Apache auth_ldap 1.6.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via various vectors, including the username.
Unspecified vulnerability in (1) apreq_parse_headers and (2) apreq_parse_urlencoded functions in Apache2::Request (Libapreq2) before 2.07 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via unknown attack vectors that result in quadratic computational complexity.
eZ publish 3.5 before 3.5.7, 3.6 before 3.6.5, 3.7 before 3.7.3, and 3.8 before 20051128 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (Apache httpd segmentation fault) via a request to content/advancedsearch.php with an empty SearchContentClassID parameter, reportedly related to a "memory addressing error".
Apache Derby before 10.1.2.1 exposes the (1) user and (2) password attributes in cleartext via (a) the RDBNAM parameter of the ACCSEC command and (b) the output of the DatabaseMetaData.getURL function, which allows context-dependent attackers to obtain sensitive information.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the example web applications for Jakarta Tomcat 5.5.6 and earlier allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) el/functions.jsp, (2) el/implicit-objects.jsp, and (3) jspx/textRotate.jspx in examples/jsp2/, as demonstrated via script in a request to snp/snoop.jsp. NOTE: other XSS issues in the manager were simultaneously reported, but these require admin access and do not cross privilege boundaries.
The HTTP/1.1 connector in Apache Tomcat 4.1.15 through 4.1.40 does not reject NULL bytes in a URL when allowLinking is configured, which allows remote attackers to read JSP source files and obtain sensitive information.
Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in Segue CMS before 1.3.6, when the Apache HTTP Server handles .phtml files with the PHP interpreter, allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary PHP code by placing .phtml files in the userfiles/ directory.
Apache Tomcat 4.0.3, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a request for a file that contains an MS-DOS device name such as lpt9, which leaks the pathname in an error message, as demonstrated by lpt9.xtp using Nikto.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Struts 1.2.7, and possibly other versions allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the query string, which is not properly quoted or filtered when the request handler generates an error message.
Fedora Directory Server before 10 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, such as the password from adm.conf via an IFRAME element, probably involving an Apache httpd.conf configuration that orders "allow" directives before "deny" directives.
Apache Tomcat 5.5.0 to 5.5.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a large number of simultaneous requests to list a web directory that has a large number of files.
Unspecified vulnerability in PHP before 4.4.1, when using the virtual function on Apache 2, allows remote attackers to bypass safe_mode and open_basedir directives.
mod_ssl in Apache 2.0 up to 2.0.55, when configured with an SSL vhost with access control and a custom error 400 error page, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a non-SSL request to an SSL port, which triggers a NULL pointer dereference.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the mod_imap module of Apache httpd before 1.3.35-dev and Apache httpd 2.0.x before 2.0.56-dev allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the Referer when using image maps.
The apache2handler SAPI (sapi_apache2.c) in the Apache module (mod_php) for PHP 5.x before 5.1.0 final and 4.4 before 4.4.1 final allows attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault) via the session.save_path option in a .htaccess file or VirtualHost.
The AJP connector in Apache Tomcat 4.0.1 through 4.0.6 and 4.1.0 through 4.1.36, as used in Hitachi Cosminexus Application Server and standalone, does not properly handle when a connection is broken before request body data is sent in a POST request, which can lead to an information leak when "unsuitable request body data" is used for a different request, possibly related to Java Servlet pages.
Memory leak in the worker MPM (worker.c) for Apache 2, in certain circumstances, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via aborted connections, which prevents the memory for the transaction pool from being reused for other connections.
The mod_auth_shadow module 1.0 through 1.5 and 2.0 for Apache with AuthShadow enabled uses shadow authentication for all locations that use the require group directive, even when other authentication mechanisms are specified, which might allow remote authenticated users to bypass security restrictions.
The byte-range filter in Apache 2.0 before 2.0.54 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via an HTTP header with a large Range field.
The Apache HTTP server before 1.3.34, and 2.0.x before 2.0.55, when acting as an HTTP proxy, allows remote attackers to poison the web cache, bypass web application firewall protection, and conduct XSS attacks via an HTTP request with both a "Transfer-Encoding: chunked" header and a Content-Length header, which causes Apache to incorrectly handle and forward the body of the request in a way that causes the receiving server to process it as a separate HTTP request, aka "HTTP Request Smuggling."
** DISPUTED **
** DISPUTED **
Buffer overflow in htdigest in Apache 2.0.52 may allow attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long realm argument.  NOTE: since htdigest is normally only locally accessible and not setuid or setgid, there are few attack vectors which would lead to an escalation of privileges, unless htdigest is executed from a CGI program.  Therefore this may not be a vulnerability.
Off-by-one error in the mod_ssl Certificate Revocation List (CRL) verification callback in Apache, when configured to use a CRL, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (child process crash) via a CRL that causes a buffer overflow of one null byte.
Apache SpamAssassin 3.0.1, 3.0.2, and 3.0.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption and slowdown) via a message with a long Content-Type header without any boundaries.
Apache Tomcat before 5.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a crafted AJP12 packet to TCP port 8007.
The mod_dosevasive module 1.9 and earlier for Apache creates temporary files with predictable filenames, which could allow remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
Apache mod_auth_radius 1.5.4 and libpam-radius-auth allow remote malicious RADIUS servers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a RADIUS_REPLY_MESSAGE with a RADIUS attribute length of 1, which leads to a memcpy operation with a -1 length argument.
Spooler in Apache Foundation James 2.2.0 allows local users to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) by triggering various error conditions in the retrieve function, which prevents a lock from being released and causes a memory leak.
** DISPUTED ** Apache HTTP Server 2.0.47 and earlier allows local users to bypass .htaccess file restrictions, as specified in httpd.conf with directives such as Deny From All, by using an ErrorDocument directive. NOTE: the vendor has disputed this issue, since the .htaccess mechanism is only intended to restrict external web access, and a local user already has the privileges to perform the same operations without using ErrorDocument.
Unknown vulnerability in Novell GroupWise and GroupWise WebAccess 6.0 through 6.5, when running with Apache Web Server 1.3 for NetWare where Apache is loaded using GWAPACHE.CONF, allows remote attackers to read directories and files on the server.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Oracle HTTP Server 1.3.22, based on Apache, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users via the (1) action, (2) username, or (3) password parameters in an isqlplus request.
mod_disk_cache in Apache 2.0 through 2.0.49 stores client headers, including authentication information, on the hard disk, which could allow local users to gain sensitive information.
Off-by-one buffer overflow in ModSecurity (mod_security) 1.7.4 for Apache 2.x, when SecFilterScanPost is enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via crafted POST requests.
UploadFile.php in MoniWiki 1.0.9.2 and earlier, when used with Apache mod_mime, does not properly handle files with two file extensions, such as .php.hwp, which allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary code.
The mod_authz_svn Apache module for Subversion 1.0.4-r1 and earlier allows remote authenticated users, with write access to the repository, to read unauthorized parts of the repository via the svn copy command.
MediaWiki 1.3.8 and earlier, when used with Apache mod_mime, does not properly handle files with two file extensions, such as .php.rar, which allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary code.
Attachment Mod 2.3.10 module for phpBB, when used with Apache mod_mime, does not properly handle files with multiple file extensions, such as .php.rar, which allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary code.
The check_forensic script in apache-utils package 1.3.31 allows local users to overwrite or create arbitrary files via a symlink attack on temporary files.
Apache for Apple Mac OS X 10.2.8 and 10.3.6 allows remote attackers to read files and resource fork content via HTTP requests to certain special file names related to multiple data streams in HFS+, which bypass Apache file handles.
Apache for Apple Mac OS X 10.2.8 and 10.3.6 restricts access to files in a case sensitive manner, but the Apple HFS+ filesystem accesses files in a case insensitive manner, which allows remote attackers to read .DS_Store files and files beginning with ".ht" using alternate capitalization.
mod_digest_apple for Apache 1.3.31 and 1.3.32 on Mac OS X Server does not properly verify the nonce of a client response, which allows remote attackers to replay credentials.
Apache webserver 2.0.52 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via an HTTP GET request with a MIME header containing multiple lines with a large number of space characters.
Buffer overflow in the get_tag function in mod_include for Apache 1.3.x to 1.3.32 allows local users who can create SSI documents to execute arbitrary code as the apache user via SSI (XSSI) documents that trigger a length calculation error.
The mod_ssl module in Apache 2.0.35 through 2.0.52, when using the "SSLCipherSuite" directive in directory or location context, allows remote clients to bypass intended restrictions by using any cipher suite that is allowed by the virtual host configuration.
Unknown vulnerability in Apache 2.0.51 prevents "the merging of the Satisfy directive," which could allow attackers to obtain access to restricted resources contrary to the specified authentication configuration.
The mod_dav module in Apache 2.0.50 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (child process crash) via a certain sequence of LOCK requests for a location that allows WebDAV authoring access.
The IPv6 URI parsing routines in the apr-util library for Apache 2.0.50 and earlier allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (child process crash) via a certain URI, as demonstrated using the Codenomicon HTTP Test Tool.
The char_buffer_read function in the mod_ssl module for Apache 2.x, when using reverse proxying to an SSL server, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault).
mod_ssl in Apache 2.0.50 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) by aborting an SSL connection in a way that causes an Apache child process to enter an infinite loop.
Buffer overflow in Apache 2.0.50 and earlier allows local users to gain apache privileges via a .htaccess file that causes the overflow during expansion of environment variables.
Format string vulnerability in the mod_proxy hook functions function in ssl_engine_log.c in mod_ssl before 2.8.19 for Apache before 1.3.31 may allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary messages via format string specifiers in certain log messages for HTTPS that are handled by the ssl_log function.
Buffer overflow in the WriteToLog function for JRun 3.0 through 4.0 web server connectors, such as (1) mod_jrun and (2) mod_jrun20 for Apache, with verbose logging enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP header Content-Type field or other fields.
The modified suexec program in cPanel, when configured for mod_php and compiled for Apache 1.3.31 and earlier without mod_phpsuexec, allows local users to execute untrusted shared scripts and gain privileges, as demonstrated using untainted scripts such as (1) proftpdvhosts or (2) addalink.cgi, a different vulnerability than CVE-2004-0490.
The ap_get_mime_headers_core function in Apache httpd 2.0.49 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion), and possibly an integer signedness error leading to a heap-based buffer overflow on 64 bit systems, via long header lines with large numbers of space or tab characters.
Heap-based buffer overflow in proxy_util.c for mod_proxy in Apache 1.3.25 to 1.3.31 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (process crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a negative Content-Length HTTP header field, which causes a large amount of data to be copied.
cPanel, when compiling Apache 1.3.29 and PHP with the mod_phpsuexec option, does not set the --enable-discard-path option, which causes php to use the SCRIPT_FILENAME variable to find and execute a script instead of the PATH_TRANSLATED variable, which allows local users to execute arbitrary PHP code as other users via a URL that references the attacker's script after the user's script, which executes the attacker's script with the user's privileges, a different vulnerability than CVE-2004-0529.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the ssl_util_uuencode_binary function in ssl_util.c for Apache mod_ssl, when mod_ssl is configured to trust the issuing CA, may allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a client certificate with a long subject DN.
Caucho Technology Resin 2.1.12 allows remote attackers to gain sensitive information and view the contents of the /WEB-INF/ directory via an HTTP request for "WEB-INF..", which is equivalent to "WEB-INF" in Windows.
Caucho Technology Resin 2.1.12 allows remote attackers to view JSP source via an HTTP request to a .jsp file that ends in a "%20" (encoded space character), e.g. index.jsp%20.
PHP 4.3.4 and earlier in Apache 1.x and 2.x (mod_php) can leak global variables between virtual hosts that are handled by the same Apache child process but have different settings, which could allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information.
Apache 1.4.x before 1.3.30, and 2.0.x before 2.0.49, when using multiple listening sockets on certain platforms, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (blocked new connections) via a "short-lived connection on a rarely-accessed listening socket."
Directory traversal vulnerability in Apache 1.3.29 and earlier, and Apache 2.0.48 and earlier, when running on Cygwin, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a URL containing "..%5C" (dot dot encoded backslash) sequences.
Memory leak in ssl_engine_io.c for mod_ssl in Apache 2 before 2.0.49 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via plain HTTP requests to the SSL port of an SSL-enabled server.
Apache-SSL 1.3.28+1.52 and earlier, with SSLVerifyClient set to 1 or 3 and SSLFakeBasicAuth enabled, allows remote attackers to forge a client certificate by using basic authentication with the "one-line DN" of the target user.
The Apache HTTP Server 2.0.44, when DNS resolution is enabled for client IP addresses, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary text into log files via an HTTP request in conjunction with a crafted DNS response, as demonstrated by injecting XSS sequences, related to an "Inverse Lookup Log Corruption (ILLC)" issue.
The Apache HTTP Server 2.0.44, when DNS resolution is enabled for client IP addresses, uses a logging format that does not identify whether a dotted quad represents an unresolved IP address, which allows remote attackers to spoof IP addresses via crafted DNS responses containing numerical top-level domains, as demonstrated by a forged 123.123.123.123 domain name, related to an "Inverse Lookup Log Corruption (ILLC)" issue.
mod_throttle 3.0 allows local users with Apache privileges to access shared memory that points to a file that is writable by the apache user, which could allow local users to gain privileges.
Apache HTTP Server 1.3.22 through 1.3.27 on OpenBSD allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via (1) the ETag header, which reveals the inode number, or (2) multipart MIME boundary, which reveals child process IDs (PID).
** DISPUTED **
Directory traversal vulnerability in the view-source sample file in Apache Software Foundation Cocoon 2.1 and 2.2 allows remote attackers to access arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the filename parameter.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the sec_filter_out function in mod_security 1.7RC1 through 1.7.1 in Apache 2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a server side script that sends a large amount of data.
The default configuration of Apache 2.0.40, as shipped with Red Hat Linux 9.0, allows remote attackers to list directory contents, even if auto indexing is turned off and there is a default web page configured, via a GET request containing a double slash (//).
mod_access_referer 1.0.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a malformed Referer header that is missing a hostname, as parsed by the ap_parse_uri_components function in Apache, which triggers a null dereference.
mod_access in Apache 1.3 before 1.3.30, when running big-endian 64-bit platforms, does not properly parse Allow/Deny rules using IP addresses without a netmask, which could allow remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions.
mod_digest for Apache before 1.3.31 does not properly verify the nonce of a client response by using a AuthNonce secret.
mod_gzip 1.3.26.1a and earlier, and possibly later official versions, when running in debug mode without the Apache log, allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via (1) a symlink attack on predictable temporary filenames on Unix systems, or (2) an NTFS hard link on Windows systems when the "Strengthen default permissions of internal system objects" policy is not enabled.
Format string vulnerability in mod_gzip_printf for mod_gzip 1.3.26.1a and earlier, and possibly later official versions, when running in debug mode and using the Apache log, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via format string characters in an HTTP GET request with an "Accept-Encoding: gzip" header.
mod_cgid in Apache before 2.0.48, when using a threaded MPM, does not properly handle CGI redirect paths, which could cause Apache to send the output of a CGI program to the wrong client.
Gallery.pm in Apache::Gallery (aka A::G) uses predictable temporary filenames when running Inline::C, which allows local users to execute arbitrary code by creating and modifying the files before Apache::Gallery does.
Docview before 1.1-18 in Caldera OpenLinux 3.1.1, SCO Linux 4.0, OpenServer 5.0.7, configures the Apache web server in a way that allows remote attackers to read arbitrary publicly readable files via a certain URL, possibly related to rewrite rules.
Buffer overflow in the mylo_log logging function for mod_mylo 0.2.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request.
Multiple stack-based buffer overflows in (1) mod_alias and (2) mod_rewrite for Apache before 1.3.29 allow attackers to create configuration files to cause a denial of service (crash) or execute arbitrary code via a regular expression with more than 9 captures.
The rotatelogs program on Apache before 1.3.28, for Windows and OS/2 systems, does not properly ignore certain control characters that are received over the pipe, which could allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
Apache 2 before 2.0.47, when running on an IPv6 host, allows attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption by infinite loop) when the FTP proxy server fails to create an IPv6 socket.
The prefork MPM in Apache 2 before 2.0.47 does not properly handle certain errors from accept, which could lead to a denial of service.
** DISPUTED **
Vulnerability in the apr_psprintf function in the Apache Portable Runtime (APR) library for Apache 2.0.37 through 2.0.45 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via long strings, as demonstrated using XML objects to mod_dav, and possibly other vectors.
Apache 2 before 2.0.47, and certain versions of mod_ssl for Apache 1.3, do not properly handle "certain sequences of per-directory renegotiations and the SSLCipherSuite directive being used to upgrade from a weak ciphersuite to a strong one," which could cause Apache to use the weak ciphersuite.
The authentication module for Apache 2.0.40 through 2.0.45 on Unix does not properly handle threads safely when using the crypt_r or crypt functions, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (failed Basic authentication with valid usernames and passwords) when a threaded MPM is used.
Unknown vulnerability in filestat.c for Apache running on OS2, versions 2.0 through 2.0.45, allows unknown attackers to cause a denial of service via requests related to device names.
A memory leak in Apache 2.0 through 2.0.44 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via large chunks of linefeed characters, which causes Apache to allocate 80 bytes for each linefeed.
Apache 1.3 before 1.3.25 and Apache 2.0 before version 2.0.46 does not filter terminal escape sequences from its access logs, which could make it easier for attackers to insert those sequences into terminal emulators containing vulnerabilities related to escape sequences, a different vulnerability than CVE-2003-0020.
Jakarta Tomcat before 3.3.1a, when used with JDK 1.3.1 or earlier, allows remote attackers to list directories even with an index.html or other file present, or obtain unprocessed source code for a JSP file, via a URL containing a null character.
Apache does not filter terminal escape sequences from its error logs, which could make it easier for attackers to insert those sequences into terminal emulators containing vulnerabilities related to escape sequences.
Apache 2.0 before 2.0.44 on Windows platforms allows remote attackers to obtain certain files via an HTTP request that ends in certain illegal characters such as "&gt;", which causes a different filename to be processed and served.
Apache before 2.0.44, when running on unpatched Windows 9x and Me operating systems, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via an HTTP request containing MS-DOS device names.
ClickCartPro 4.0 stores the admin_user.db data file under the web document root with insufficient access control on servers other than Apache, which allows remote attackers to obtain usernames and passwords.
php.exe in PHP 3.0 through 4.2.2, when running on Apache, does not terminate properly, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a direct request without arguments.
Tomcat 4.0 through 4.1.12, using mod_jk 1.2.1 module on Apache 1.3 through 1.3.27, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (desynchronized communications) via an HTTP GET request with a Transfer-Encoding chunked field with invalid values.
Apache before 1.3.24, when writing to the log file, records a spoofed hostname from the reverse lookup of an IP address, even when a double-reverse lookup fails, which allows remote attackers to hide the original source of activities.
PHP, when installed on Windows with Apache and ScriptAlias for /php/ set to c:/php/, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and possibly execute arbitrary programs via an HTTP request for php.exe with a filename in the query string.
Unknown vulnerability in Apache 1.3.19 running on HP Secure OS for Linux 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause "unexpected results" via an HTTP request.
Apache Tomcat 4.0.1 allows remote attackers to obtain the web root path via HTTP requests for JSP files preceded by (1) +/, (2) &gt;/, (3) &lt;/, and (4) %20/, which leaks the pathname in an error message.
Apache Tomcat 4.0.3 for Windows allows remote attackers to obtain the web root path via an HTTP request for a resource that does not exist, such as lpt9, which leaks the information in an error message.
The default installations of Apache Tomcat 3.2.3 and 3.2.4 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive system information such as directory listings and web root path, via erroneous HTTP requests for Java Server Pages (JSP) in the (1) test/jsp, (2) samples/jsp and (3) examples/jsp directories, or the (4) test/realPath.jsp servlet, which leaks pathnames in error messages.
The default installation of Apache Tomcat 4.0 through 4.1 and 3.0 through 3.3.1 allows remote attackers to obtain the installation path and other sensitive system information via the (1) SnoopServlet or (2) TroubleShooter example servlets.
The servlet engine in Jakarta Apache Tomcat 3.3 and 4.0.4, when using IIS and the ajp1.3 connector, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a large number of HTTP GET requests for an MS-DOS device such as AUX, LPT1, CON, or PRN.
mod_cgi in Apache 2.0.39 and 2.0.40 allows local users and possibly remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang and memory consumption) by causing a CGI script to send a large amount of data to stderr, which results in a read/write deadlock between httpd and the CGI script.
HTTP Server mod_ssl module running on HP-UX 11.04 with Virtualvault OS (VVOS) 4.5 through 4.6 closes the connection when the Apache server times out during an SSL request, which may allow attackers to cause a denial of service.
Buffer overflow in htdigest in Apache 1.3.26 and 1.3.27 may allow attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long user argument.  NOTE: since htdigest is normally only locally accessible and not setuid or setgid, there are few attack vectors which would lead to an escalation of privileges, unless htdigest is executed from a CGI program. Therefore this may not be a vulnerability.
The Apache configuration file (httpd.conf) in Oracle 9i Application Server (9iAS) uses a Location alias for /perl directory instead of a ScriptAlias, which allows remote attackers to read the source code of arbitrary CGI files via a URL containing the /perl directory instead of /cgi-bin.
mod_dav in Apache before 2.0.42 does not properly handle versioning hooks, which may allow remote attackers to kill a child process via a null dereference and cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) in a preforked multi-processing module.
The ap_log_rerror function in Apache 2.0 through 2.035, when a CGI application encounters an error, sends error messages to the client that include the full path for the server, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Tomcat 4.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary web script and steal cookies via a URL with encoded newlines followed by a request to a .jsp file whose name contains the script.
Apache Tomcat 4.0.5 and earlier, when using both the invoker servlet and the default servlet, allows remote attackers to read source code for server files or bypass certain protections, a variant of CAN-2002-1148.
A regression error in the Debian distributions of the apache-ssl package (before 1.3.9 on Debian 2.2, and before 1.3.26 on Debian 3.0), for Apache 1.3.27 and earlier, allows local users to read or modify the Apache password file via a symlink attack on temporary files when the administrator runs (1) htpasswd or (2) htdigest, a re-introduction of a vulnerability that was originally identified and addressed by CVE-2001-0131.
Cross-site scripting vulnerability in the mod_ssl Apache module 2.8.9 and earlier, when UseCanonicalName is off and wildcard DNS is enabled, allows remote attackers to execute script as other web site visitors, via the server name in an HTTPS response on the SSL port, which is used in a self-referencing URL, a different vulnerability than CAN-2002-0840.
Apache 2.0.42 allows remote attackers to view the source code of a CGI script via a POST request to a directory with both WebDAV and CGI enabled.
Apache Tomcat 4.0.3, and possibly other versions before 4.1.3 beta, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via a large number of requests to the server with null characters, which causes the working threads to hang.
Buffer overflows in the ApacheBench benchmark support program (ab.c) in Apache before 1.3.27, and Apache 2.x before 2.0.43, allow a malicious web server to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long response.
Format string vulnerability in certain third party modifications to mod_dav for logging bad gateway messages (e.g. Oracle9i Application Server 9.0.2) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a destination URI that forces a "502 Bad Gateway" response, which causes the format string specifiers to be returned from dav_lookup_uri() in mod_dav.c, which is then used in a call to ap_log_rerror().
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the default error page of Apache 2.0 before 2.0.43, and 1.3.x up to 1.3.26, when UseCanonicalName is "Off" and support for wildcard DNS is present, allows remote attackers to execute script as other web page visitors via the Host: header, a different vulnerability than CAN-2002-1157.
The shared memory scoreboard in the HTTP daemon for Apache 1.3.x before 1.3.27 allows any user running as the Apache UID to send a SIGUSR1 signal to any process as root, resulting in a denial of service (process kill) or possibly other behaviors that would not normally be allowed, by modifying the parent[].pid and parent[].last_rtime segments in the scoreboard.
Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Apache Tomcat 4.0.3 allows remote attackers to execute script as other web users via script in a URL with the /servlet/ mapping, which does not filter the script when an exception is thrown by the servlet.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Apache 2.0 through 2.0.39 on Windows, OS2, and Netware allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and execute commands via .. (dot dot) sequences containing \ (backslash) characters.
OSSP mm library (libmm) before 1.2.0 allows the local Apache user to gain privileges via temporary files, possibly via a symbolic link attack.
Apache 2.0 through 2.0.39 on Windows, OS2, and Netware allows remote attackers to determine the full pathname of the server via (1) a request for a .var file, which leaks the pathname in the resulting error message, or (2) via an error message that occurs when a script (child process) cannot be invoked.
Off-by-one buffer overflow in the ssl_compat_directive function, as called by the rewrite_command hook for mod_ssl Apache module 2.8.9 and earlier, allows local users to execute arbitrary code as the Apache server user via .htaccess files with long entries.
The PHP administration script in popper_mod 1.2.1 and earlier relies on Apache .htaccess authentication, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges if the script is not appropriately configured by the administrator.
Apache Tomcat may be started without proper security settings if errors are encountered while reading the web.xml file, which could allow attackers to bypass intended restrictions.
Apache 1.3 through 1.3.24, and Apache 2.0 through 2.0.36, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a chunk-encoded HTTP request that causes Apache to use an incorrect size.
InstantServers MiniPortal 1.1.5 and earlier stores sensitive login and account data in plaintext in (1) .pwd files in the miniportal/apache directory, or (2) mplog.txt, which could allow local users to gain privileges.
PHP for Windows, when installed on Apache 2.0.28 beta as a standalone CGI module, allows remote attackers to obtain the physical path of the php.exe via a request with malformed arguments such as /123, which leaks the pathname in the error message.
PHP, when installed with Apache and configured to search for index.php as a default web page, allows remote attackers to obtain the full pathname of the server via the HTTP OPTIONS method, which reveals the pathname in the resulting error message.
The dbm and shm session cache code in mod_ssl before 2.8.7-1.3.23, and Apache-SSL before 1.3.22+1.46, does not properly initialize memory using the i2d_SSL_SESSION function, which allows remote attackers to use a buffer overflow to execute arbitrary code via a large client certificate that is signed by a trusted Certificate Authority (CA), which produces a large serialized session.
Buffer overflows in (1) php_mime_split in PHP 4.1.0, 4.1.1, and 4.0.6 and earlier, and (2) php3_mime_split in PHP 3.0.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a multipart/form-data HTTP POST request when file_uploads is enabled.
Apache for Win32 before 1.3.24, and 2.0.x before 2.0.34-beta, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters (a | pipe character) provided as arguments to batch (.bat) or .cmd scripts, which are sent unfiltered to the shell interpreter, typically cmd.exe.
The log files in Apache web server contain information directly supplied by clients and does not filter or quote control characters, which could allow remote attackers to hide HTTP requests and spoof source IP addresses when logs are viewed with UNIX programs such as cat, tail, and grep.
mod_usertrack in Apache 1.3.11 through 1.3.20 generates session ID's using predictable information including host IP address, system time and server process ID, which allows local users to obtain session ID's and bypass authentication when these session ID's are used for authentication.
Allaire JRun 2.3.3, 3.0 and 3.1 running on IIS 4.0 and 5.0, iPlanet, Apache, JRun web server (JWS), and possibly other web servers allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and directories by appending (1) "%3f.jsp", (2) "?.jsp" or (3) "?" to the requested URL.
The default installation of Apache before 1.3.19 on Mandrake Linux 7.1 through 8.0 and Linux Corporate Server 1.0.1 allows remote attackers to list the directory index of arbitrary web directories.
Find-By-Content in Mac OS X 10.0 through 10.0.4 creates world-readable index files named .FBCIndex in every directory, which allows remote attackers to learn the contents of files in web accessible directories.
The Apache module for PHP 4.0.0 through PHP 4.0.4, when disabled with the 'engine = off' option for a virtual host, may disable PHP for other virtual hosts, which could cause Apache to serve the source code of PHP scripts.
Apache before 1.3.20 on Windows and OS/2 systems allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (GPF) via an HTTP request for a URI that contains a large number of / (slash) or other characters, which causes certain functions to dereference a null pointer.
Directory traversal vulnerability in PL/SQL Apache module in Oracle Oracle 9i Application Server allows remote attackers to access sensitive information via a double encoded URL with .. (dot dot) sequences.
Buffer overflow in PL/SQL Apache module in Oracle 9i Application Server allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long request for a help page.
Apache with mod_rewrite enabled on most UNIX systems allows remote attackers to bypass RewriteRules by inserting extra / (slash) characters into the requested path, which causes the regular expression in the RewriteRule to fail.
Apache on Red Hat Linux with with the UserDir directive enabled generates different error codes when a username exists and there is no public_html directory and when the username does not exist, which could allow remote attackers to determine valid usernames on the server.
The default installation of Apache before 1.3.19 allows remote attackers to list directories instead of the multiview index.html file via an HTTP request for a path that contains many / (slash) characters, which causes the path to be mishandled by (1) mod_negotiation, (2) mod_dir, or (3) mod_autoindex.
A cross-site scripting vulnerability in Apache Tomcat 3.2.1 allows a malicious webmaster to embed Javascript in a request for a .JSP file, which causes the Javascript to be inserted into an error message.
Apache on MacOS X Client 10.0.3 with the HFS+ file system allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions via a URL that contains some characters whose case is not matched by Apache's filters.
Apache 1.3.20 with Multiviews enabled allows remote attackers to view directory contents and bypass the index page via a URL containing the "M=D" query string.
split-logfile in Apache 1.3.20 allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files that end in the .log extension via an HTTP request with a / (slash) in the Host: header.
Apache 1.3.20 on Windows servers allows remote attackers to bypass the default index page and list directory contents via a URL with a large number of / (slash) characters.
Apache Software Foundation Tomcat Servlet prior to 3.2.2 allows a remote attacker to read the source code to arbitrary 'jsp' files via a malformed URL request which does not end with an HTTP protocol specification (i.e. HTTP/1.0).
htpasswd and htdigest in Apache 2.0a9, 1.3.14, and others allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
PHP Apache module 4.0.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass .htaccess access restrictions via a malformed HTTP request on an unrestricted page that causes PHP to use those access controls on the next page that is requested.
PHP 3.x (PHP3) on Apache 1.3.6 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a modified .. (dot dot) attack containing "%5c" (encoded backslash) sequences.
The default configuration of the jserv-status handler in jserv.conf in Apache JServ 1.1.2 includes an "allow from 127.0.0.1" line, which allows local users to discover JDBC passwords or other sensitive information via a direct request to the jserv/ URI.
Caucho Technology Resin 1.2 and possibly earlier allows remote attackers to view JSP source via an HTTP request to a .jsp file with certain characters appended to the file name, such as (1) "..", (2) "%2e..", (3) "%81", (4) "%82", and others.
Directory traversal vulnerability in source.jsp of Apache Tomcat before 3.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the argument to source.jsp.
Vulnerability in Apache httpd before 1.3.11, when configured for mass virtual hosting using mod_rewrite, or mod_vhost_alias in Apache 1.3.9, allows remote attackers to retrieve arbitrary files.
Cross site scripting vulnerabilities in Apache 1.3.0 through 1.3.11 allow remote attackers to execute script as other web site visitors via (1) the printenv CGI (printenv.pl), which does not encode its output, (2) pages generated by the ap_send_error_response function such as a default 404, which does not add an explicit charset, or (3) various messages that are generated by certain Apache modules or core code.  NOTE: the printenv issue might still exist for web browsers that can render text/plain content types as HTML, such as Internet Explorer, but CVE regards this as a design limitation of those browsers, not Apache.  The printenv.pl/acuparam vector, discloser on 20070724, is one such variant.
Vulnerability in the mod_vhost_alias virtual hosting module for Apache 1.3.9, 1.3.11 and 1.3.12 allows remote attackers to obtain the source code for CGI programs if the cgi-bin directory is under the document root.
IBM HTTP Server 1.3.6 (based on Apache) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long GET request.
The default configuration of Apache (httpd.conf) on SuSE 6.4 includes an alias for the /usr/doc directory, which allows remote attackers to read package documentation and obtain system configuration information via an HTTP request for the /doc/packages URL.
mod_rewrite in Apache 1.3.12 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files if a RewriteRule directive is expanded to include a filename whose name contains a regular expression.
The default configuration of mod_perl for Apache as installed on Mandrake Linux 6.1 through 7.1 sets the /perl/ directory to be browseable, which allows remote attackers to list the contents of that directory.
The default configuration of Apache 1.3.12 in SuSE Linux 6.4 enables WebDAV, which allows remote attackers to list arbitrary directories via the PROPFIND HTTP request method.
The default configuration of Apache 1.3.12 in SuSE Linux 6.4 allows remote attackers to read source code for CGI scripts by replacing the /cgi-bin/ in the requested URL with /cgi-bin-sdb/.
Trustix installs the httpsd program for Apache-SSL with world-writeable permissions, which allows local users to replace it with a Trojan horse.
The Snoop servlet in Jakarta Tomcat 3.1 and 3.0 under Apache reveals sensitive system information when a remote attacker requests a nonexistent URL with a .snp extension.
Jakarta Tomcat 3.1 under Apache reveals physical path information when a remote attacker requests a URL that does not exist, which generates an error message that includes the physical path.
The source.asp example script in the Apache ASP module Apache::ASP 1.93 and earlier allows remote attackers to modify files.
The Apache 1.3.x HTTP server for Windows platforms allows remote attackers to list directory contents by requesting a URL containing a large number of / characters.
The default configuration of Cobalt RaQ2 and RaQ3 as specified in access.conf allows remote attackers to view sensitive contents of a .htaccess file.
A possible interaction between Apple MacOS X release 1.0 and Apache HTTP server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a flood of HTTP GET requests to CGI programs, which generates a large number of processes.
mod_proxy in Apache 1.2.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed FTP commands, which causes Apache to dump core.
Multiple buffer overflows in smbvalid/smbval SMB authentication library, as used in Apache::AuthenSmb and possibly other modules, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via (1) a long username, (2) a long password, and (3) other unspecified methods.
Apache WWW server 1.3.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via a large number of MIME headers with the same name, aka the "sioux" vulnerability.
guestbook.pl cleanses user-inserted SSI commands by removing text between "&lt;!--" and "--&gt;" separators, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands when guestbook.pl is run on Apache 1.3.9 and possibly other versions, since Apache allows other closing sequences besides "--&gt;".
Apache allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service via a large number of MIME headers.
A default configuration of Apache on Debian GNU/Linux sets the ServerRoot to /usr/doc, which allows remote users to read documentation files for the entire server.
IIS 4.0 and Apache log HTTP request methods, regardless of how long they are, allowing a remote attacker to hide the URL they really request.
The Apache web server for Win32 may provide access to restricted files when a . (dot) is appended to a requested URL.
ScriptAlias directory in NCSA and Apache httpd allowed attackers to read CGI programs.
Buffer overflow in Apache 1.2.5 and earlier allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service with a large number of GET requests containing a large number of / characters.
Apache httpd cookie buffer overflow for versions 1.1.1 and earlier.

