Unitronics VisiLogic before version 9.9.00, used in Vision and Samba PLCs and HMIs, uses a default administrative password. An unauthenticated attacker with network access can take administrative control of a vulnerable system.
A heap-based Buffer Overflow flaw was discovered in Samba. It could allow a remote, authenticated attacker to exploit this vulnerability to cause a denial of service.
In the Linux kernel, the following vulnerability has been resolved: apparmor: avoid crash when parsed profile name is empty When processing a packed profile in unpack_profile() described like "profile :ns::samba-dcerpcd /usr/lib*/samba/{,samba/}samba-dcerpcd {...}" a string ":samba-dcerpcd" is unpacked as a fully-qualified name and then passed to aa_splitn_fqname(). aa_splitn_fqname() treats ":samba-dcerpcd" as only containing a namespace. Thus it returns NULL for tmpname, meanwhile tmpns is non-NULL. Later aa_alloc_profile() crashes as the new profile name is NULL now. general protection fault, probably for non-canonical address 0xdffffc0000000000: 0000 [#1] PREEMPT SMP KASAN NOPTI KASAN: null-ptr-deref in range [0x0000000000000000-0x0000000000000007] CPU: 6 PID: 1657 Comm: apparmor_parser Not tainted 6.7.0-rc2-dirty #16 Hardware name: QEMU Standard PC (i440FX + PIIX, 1996), BIOS rel-1.16.2-3-gd478f380-rebuilt.opensuse.org 04/01/2014 RIP: 0010:strlen+0x1e/0xa0 Call Trace: &lt;TASK&gt; ? strlen+0x1e/0xa0 aa_policy_init+0x1bb/0x230 aa_alloc_profile+0xb1/0x480 unpack_profile+0x3bc/0x4960 aa_unpack+0x309/0x15e0 aa_replace_profiles+0x213/0x33c0 policy_update+0x261/0x370 profile_replace+0x20e/0x2a0 vfs_write+0x2af/0xe00 ksys_write+0x126/0x250 do_syscall_64+0x46/0xf0 entry_SYSCALL_64_after_hwframe+0x6e/0x76 &lt;/TASK&gt; ---[ end trace 0000000000000000 ]--- RIP: 0010:strlen+0x1e/0xa0 It seems such behaviour of aa_splitn_fqname() is expected and checked in other places where it is called (e.g. aa_remove_profiles). Well, there is an explicit comment "a ns name without a following profile is allowed" inside. AFAICS, nothing can prevent unpacked "name" to be in form like ":samba-dcerpcd" - it is passed from userspace. Deny the whole profile set replacement in such case and inform user with EPROTO and an explaining message. Found by Linux Verification Center (linuxtesting.org).
A flaw was found in Samba. It is susceptible to a vulnerability where multiple incompatible RPC listeners can be initiated, causing disruptions in the AD DC service. When Samba's RPC server experiences a high load or unresponsiveness, servers intended for non-AD DC purposes (for example, NT4-emulation "classic DCs") can erroneously start and compete for the same unix domain sockets. This issue leads to partial query responses from the AD DC, causing issues such as "The procedure number is out of range" when using tools like Active Directory Users. This flaw allows an attacker to disrupt AD DC services.
A vulnerability was found in Samba's "rpcecho" development server, a non-Windows RPC server used to test Samba's DCE/RPC stack elements. This vulnerability stems from an RPC function that can be blocked indefinitely. The issue arises because the "rpcecho" service operates with only one worker in the main RPC task, allowing calls to the "rpcecho" server to be blocked for a specified time, causing service disruptions. This disruption is triggered by a "sleep()" call in the "dcesrv_echo_TestSleep()" function under specific conditions. Authenticated users or attackers can exploit this vulnerability to make calls to the "rpcecho" server, requesting it to block for a specified duration, effectively disrupting most services and leading to a complete denial of service on the AD DC. The DoS affects all other services as "rpcecho" runs in the main RPC task.
A design flaw was found in Samba's DirSync control implementation, which exposes passwords and secrets in Active Directory to privileged users and Read-Only Domain Controllers (RODCs). This flaw allows RODCs and users possessing the GET_CHANGES right to access all attributes, including sensitive secrets and passwords. Even in a default setup, RODC DC accounts, which should only replicate some passwords, can gain access to all domain secrets, including the vital krbtgt, effectively eliminating the RODC / DC distinction. Furthermore, the vulnerability fails to account for error conditions (fail open), like out-of-memory situations, potentially granting access to secret attributes, even under low-privileged attacker influence.
A vulnerability was discovered in Samba, where the flaw allows SMB clients to truncate files, even with read-only permissions when the Samba VFS module "acl_xattr" is configured with "acl_xattr:ignore system acls = yes". The SMB protocol allows opening files when the client requests read-only access but then implicitly truncates the opened file to 0 bytes if the client specifies a separate OVERWRITE create disposition request. The issue arises in configurations that bypass kernel file system permissions checks, relying solely on Samba's permissions.
A path traversal vulnerability was identified in Samba when processing client pipe names connecting to Unix domain sockets within a private directory. Samba typically uses this mechanism to connect SMB clients to remote procedure call (RPC) services like SAMR LSA or SPOOLSS, which Samba initiates on demand. However, due to inadequate sanitization of incoming client pipe names, allowing a client to send a pipe name containing Unix directory traversal characters (../). This could result in SMB clients connecting as root to Unix domain sockets outside the private directory. If an attacker or client managed to send a pipe name resolving to an external service using an existing Unix domain socket, it could potentially lead to unauthorized access to the service and consequential adverse events, including compromise or service crashes.
A path disclosure vulnerability was found in Samba. As part of the Spotlight protocol, Samba discloses the server-side absolute path of shares, files, and directories in the results for search queries. This flaw allows a malicious client or an attacker with a targeted RPC request to view the information that is part of the disclosed path.
A Type Confusion vulnerability was found in Samba's mdssvc RPC service for Spotlight. When parsing Spotlight mdssvc RPC packets, one encoded data structure is a key-value style dictionary where the keys are character strings, and the values can be any of the supported types in the mdssvc protocol. Due to a lack of type checking in callers of the dalloc_value_for_key() function, which returns the object associated with a key, a caller may trigger a crash in talloc_get_size() when talloc detects that the passed-in pointer is not a valid talloc pointer. With an RPC worker process shared among multiple client connections, a malicious client or attacker can trigger a process crash in a shared RPC mdssvc worker process, affecting all other clients this worker serves.
An infinite loop vulnerability was found in Samba's mdssvc RPC service for Spotlight. When parsing Spotlight mdssvc RPC packets sent by the client, the core unmarshalling function sl_unpack_loop() did not validate a field in the network packet that contains the count of elements in an array-like structure. By passing 0 as the count value, the attacked function will run in an endless loop consuming 100% CPU. This flaw allows an attacker to issue a malformed RPC request, triggering an infinite loop, resulting in a denial of service condition.
A vulnerability was found in Samba's SMB2 packet signing mechanism. The SMB2 packet signing is not enforced if an admin configured "server signing = required" or for SMB2 connections to Domain Controllers where SMB2 packet signing is mandatory. This flaw allows an attacker to perform attacks, such as a man-in-the-middle attack, by intercepting the network traffic and modifying the SMB2 messages between client and server, affecting the integrity of the data.
A buffer overflow issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in macOS Ventura 13.2. Mounting a maliciously crafted Samba network share may lead to arbitrary code execution.
A buffer overflow issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.7.3, macOS Ventura 13.2, macOS Monterey 12.6.3. Mounting a maliciously crafted Samba network share may lead to arbitrary code execution.
An out-of-bounds (OOB) memory read flaw was found in parse_lease_state in the KSMBD implementation of the in-kernel samba server and CIFS in the Linux kernel. When an attacker sends the CREATE command with a malformed payload to KSMBD, due to a missing check of `NameOffset` in the `parse_lease_state()` function, the `create_context` object can access invalid memory.
A use-after-free flaw was found in setup_async_work in the KSMBD implementation of the in-kernel samba server and CIFS in the Linux kernel. This issue could allow an attacker to crash the system by accessing freed work.
The Samba AD DC administration tool, when operating against a remote LDAP server, will by default send new or reset passwords over a signed-only connection.
The fix in 4.6.16, 4.7.9, 4.8.4 and 4.9.7 for CVE-2018-10919 Confidential attribute disclosure vi LDAP filters was insufficient and an attacker may be able to obtain confidential BitLocker recovery keys from a Samba AD DC.
A flaw was found in Samba. An incomplete access check on dnsHostName allows authenticated but otherwise unprivileged users to delete this attribute from any object in the directory.
Since the Windows Kerberos RC4-HMAC Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability was disclosed by Microsoft on Nov 8 2022 and per RFC8429 it is assumed that rc4-hmac is weak, Vulnerable Samba Active Directory DCs will issue rc4-hmac encrypted tickets despite the target server supporting better encryption (eg aes256-cts-hmac-sha1-96).
A symlink following vulnerability was found in Samba, where a user can create a symbolic link that will make 'smbd' escape the configured share path. This flaw allows a remote user with access to the exported part of the file system under a share via SMB1 unix extensions or NFS to create symlinks to files outside the 'smbd' configured share path and gain access to another restricted server's filesystem.
A heap-based buffer overflow vulnerability was found in Samba within the GSSAPI unwrap_des() and unwrap_des3() routines of Heimdal. The DES and Triple-DES decryption routines in the Heimdal GSSAPI library allow a length-limited write buffer overflow on malloc() allocated memory when presented with a maliciously small packet. This flaw allows a remote user to send specially crafted malicious data to the application, possibly resulting in a denial of service (DoS) attack.
The NT auth module in OpenAM before 14.6.6 allows a "replace Samba username attack."
A flaw was found in the Samba AD LDAP server. The AD DC database audit logging module can access LDAP message values freed by a preceding database module, resulting in a use-after-free issue. This issue is only possible when modifying certain privileged attributes, such as userAccountControl.
A flaw was found in Samba. Samba AD users can cause the server to access uninitialized data with an LDAP add or modify the request, usually resulting in a segmentation fault.
A flaw was found in Samba. The KDC accepts kpasswd requests encrypted with any key known to it. By encrypting forged kpasswd requests with its own key, a user can change other users' passwords, enabling full domain takeover.
Samba does not validate the Validated-DNS-Host-Name right for the dNSHostName attribute which could permit unprivileged users to write it.
A flaw was found in Samba. Some SMB1 write requests were not correctly range-checked to ensure the client had sent enough data to fulfill the write, allowing server memory contents to be written into the file (or printer) instead of client-supplied data. The client cannot control the area of the server memory written to the file (or printer).
A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Monterey 12.4, macOS Big Sur 11.6.6. Mounting a maliciously crafted Samba network share may lead to arbitrary code execution.
An out-of-bounds read vulnerability was found in Samba due to insufficient length checks in winbindd_pam_auth_crap.c. When performing NTLM authentication, the client replies to cryptographic challenges back to the server. These replies have variable lengths, and Winbind fails to check the lan manager response length. When Winbind is used for NTLM authentication, a maliciously crafted request can trigger an out-of-bounds read in Winbind, possibly resulting in a crash.
A flaw was found in Samba. The security vulnerability occurs when KDC and the kpasswd service share a single account and set of keys, allowing them to decrypt each other's tickets. A user who has been requested to change their password, can exploit this flaw to obtain and use tickets to other services.
In Samba, GnuTLS gnutls_rnd() can fail and give predictable random values.
The Samba AD DC includes checks when adding service principals names (SPNs) to an account to ensure that SPNs do not alias with those already in the database. Some of these checks are able to be bypassed if an account modification re-adds an SPN that was previously present on that account, such as one added when a computer is joined to a domain. An attacker who has the ability to write to an account can exploit this to perform a denial-of-service attack by adding an SPN that matches an existing service. Additionally, an attacker who can intercept traffic can impersonate existing services, resulting in a loss of confidentiality and integrity.
D-Link device D-Link DIR-823-Pro v1.0.2 was discovered to contain a command injection vulnerability in the function ChgSambaUserSettings. This vulnerability allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands via the samba_name parameter.
The Samba vfs_fruit module uses extended file attributes (EA, xattr) to provide "...enhanced compatibility with Apple SMB clients and interoperability with a Netatalk 3 AFP fileserver." Samba versions prior to 4.13.17, 4.14.12 and 4.15.5 with vfs_fruit configured allow out-of-bounds heap read and write via specially crafted extended file attributes. A remote attacker with write access to extended file attributes can execute arbitrary code with the privileges of smbd, typically root.
All versions of Samba prior to 4.15.5 are vulnerable to a malicious client using a server symlink to determine if a file or directory exists in an area of the server file system not exported under the share definition. SMB1 with unix extensions has to be enabled in order for this attack to succeed.
All versions of Samba prior to 4.13.16 are vulnerable to a malicious client using an SMB1 or NFS race to allow a directory to be created in an area of the server file system not exported under the share definition. Note that SMB1 has to be enabled, or the share also available via NFS in order for this attack to succeed.
An issue was discovered in Kaseya Unitrends Backup Appliance before 10.5.5. The Samba file sharing service allowed anonymous read/write access.
There is a Buffer overflow vulnerability due to a boundary error with the Samba server in the file management module in smartphones. Successful exploitation of this vulnerability may affect function stability.
There is a Buffer overflow vulnerability due to a boundary error with the Samba server in the file management module in smartphones. Successful exploitation of this vulnerability may affect function stability.
In DCE/RPC it is possible to share the handles (cookies for resource state) between multiple connections via a mechanism called 'association groups'. These handles can reference connections to our sam.ldb database. However while the database was correctly shared, the user credentials state was only pointed at, and when one connection within that association group ended, the database would be left pointing at an invalid 'struct session_info'. The most likely outcome here is a crash, but it is possible that the use-after-free could instead allow different user state to be pointed at and this might allow more privileged access.
A null pointer de-reference was found in the way samba kerberos server handled missing sname in TGS-REQ (Ticket Granting Server - Request). An authenticated user could use this flaw to crash the samba server.
MaxQueryDuration not honoured in Samba AD DC LDAP
The samba-client package before 4.0.0 for Node.js allows command injection because of the use of process.exec.
In BIND 9.5.0 -&gt; 9.11.29, 9.12.0 -&gt; 9.16.13, and versions BIND 9.11.3-S1 -&gt; 9.11.29-S1 and 9.16.8-S1 -&gt; 9.16.13-S1 of BIND Supported Preview Edition, as well as release versions 9.17.0 -&gt; 9.17.1 of the BIND 9.17 development branch, BIND servers are vulnerable if they are running an affected version and are configured to use GSS-TSIG features. In a configuration which uses BIND's default settings the vulnerable code path is not exposed, but a server can be rendered vulnerable by explicitly setting values for the tkey-gssapi-keytab or tkey-gssapi-credential configuration options. Although the default configuration is not vulnerable, GSS-TSIG is frequently used in networks where BIND is integrated with Samba, as well as in mixed-server environments that combine BIND servers with Active Directory domain controllers. For servers that meet these conditions, the ISC SPNEGO implementation is vulnerable to various attacks, depending on the CPU architecture for which BIND was built: For named binaries compiled for 64-bit platforms, this flaw can be used to trigger a buffer over-read, leading to a server crash. For named binaries compiled for 32-bit platforms, this flaw can be used to trigger a server crash due to a buffer overflow and possibly also to achieve remote code execution. We have determined that standard SPNEGO implementations are available in the MIT and Heimdal Kerberos libraries, which support a broad range of operating systems, rendering the ISC implementation unnecessary and obsolete. Therefore, to reduce the attack surface for BIND users, we will be removing the ISC SPNEGO implementation in the April releases of BIND 9.11 and 9.16 (it had already been dropped from BIND 9.17). We would not normally remove something from a stable ESV (Extended Support Version) of BIND, but since system libraries can replace the ISC SPNEGO implementation, we have made an exception in this case for reasons of stability and security.
A flaw was found in the way samba implemented DCE/RPC. If a client to a Samba server sent a very large DCE/RPC request, and chose to fragment it, an attacker could replace later fragments with their own data, bypassing the signature requirements.
A flaw was found in the way Samba handled file/directory metadata. This flaw allows an authenticated attacker with permissions to read or modify share metadata, to perform this operation outside of the share.
A flaw was found in Samba's libldb. Multiple, consecutive leading spaces in an LDAP attribute can lead to an out-of-bounds memory write, leading to a crash of the LDAP server process handling the request. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
A flaw was found in samba. The Samba smbd file server must map Windows group identities (SIDs) into unix group ids (gids). The code that performs this had a flaw that could allow it to read data beyond the end of the array in the case where a negative cache entry had been added to the mapping cache. This could cause the calling code to return those values into the process token that stores the group membership for a user. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity.
A flaw was found in samba. A race condition in the password lockout code may lead to the risk of brute force attacks being successful if special conditions are met.
A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave. Mounting a maliciously crafted Samba network share may lead to arbitrary code execution.
BIND servers are vulnerable if they are running an affected version and are configured to use GSS-TSIG features. In a configuration which uses BIND's default settings the vulnerable code path is not exposed, but a server can be rendered vulnerable by explicitly setting valid values for the tkey-gssapi-keytab or tkey-gssapi-credentialconfiguration options. Although the default configuration is not vulnerable, GSS-TSIG is frequently used in networks where BIND is integrated with Samba, as well as in mixed-server environments that combine BIND servers with Active Directory domain controllers. The most likely outcome of a successful exploitation of the vulnerability is a crash of the named process. However, remote code execution, while unproven, is theoretically possible. Affects: BIND 9.5.0 -&gt; 9.11.27, 9.12.0 -&gt; 9.16.11, and versions BIND 9.11.3-S1 -&gt; 9.11.27-S1 and 9.16.8-S1 -&gt; 9.16.11-S1 of BIND Supported Preview Edition. Also release versions 9.17.0 -&gt; 9.17.1 of the BIND 9.17 development branch
A flaw was found in samba. Spaces used in a string around a domain name (DN), while supposed to be ignored, can cause invalid DN strings with spaces to instead write a zero-byte into out-of-bounds memory, resulting in a crash. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
Multiple flaws were found in the way samba AD DC implemented access and conformance checking of stored data. An attacker could use this flaw to cause total domain compromise.
Kerberos acceptors need easy access to stable AD identifiers (eg objectSid). Samba as an AD DC now provides a way for Linux applications to obtain a reliable SID (and samAccountName) in issued tickets.
A flaw was found in the way Samba, as an Active Directory Domain Controller, implemented Kerberos name-based authentication. The Samba AD DC, could become confused about the user a ticket represents if it did not strictly require a Kerberos PAC and always use the SIDs found within. The result could include total domain compromise.
A flaw was found in the way samba, as an Active Directory Domain Controller, is able to support an RODC (read-only domain controller). This would allow an RODC to print administrator tickets.
A flaw was found in the way Samba maps domain users to local users. An authenticated attacker could use this flaw to cause possible privilege escalation.
A security feature bypass vulnerability exists in the way Key Distribution Center (KDC) determines if a service ticket can be used for delegation via Kerberos Constrained Delegation (KCD). To exploit the vulnerability, a compromised service that is configured to use KCD could tamper with a service ticket that is not valid for delegation to force the KDC to accept it. The update addresses this vulnerability by changing how the KDC validates service tickets used with KCD.
An elevation of privilege vulnerability exists when an attacker establishes a vulnerable Netlogon secure channel connection to a domain controller, using the Netlogon Remote Protocol (MS-NRPC). An attacker who successfully exploited the vulnerability could run a specially crafted application on a device on the network. To exploit the vulnerability, an unauthenticated attacker would be required to use MS-NRPC to connect to a domain controller to obtain domain administrator access. Microsoft is addressing the vulnerability in a phased two-part rollout. These updates address the vulnerability by modifying how Netlogon handles the usage of Netlogon secure channels. For guidelines on how to manage the changes required for this vulnerability and more information on the phased rollout, see How to manage the changes in Netlogon secure channel connections associated with CVE-2020-1472 (updated September 28, 2020). When the second phase of Windows updates become available in Q1 2021, customers will be notified via a revision to this security vulnerability. If you wish to be notified when these updates are released, we recommend that you register for the security notifications mailer to be alerted of content changes to this advisory. See Microsoft Technical Security Notifications.
A flaw was found in samba's DNS server. An authenticated user could use this flaw to the RPC server to crash. This RPC server, which also serves protocols other than dnsserver, will be restarted after a short delay, but it is easy for an authenticated non administrative attacker to crash it again as soon as it returns. The Samba DNS server itself will continue to operate, but many RPC services will not.
It was found that cifs-utils' mount.cifs was invoking a shell when requesting the Samba password, which could be used to inject arbitrary commands. An attacker able to invoke mount.cifs with special permission, such as via sudo rules, could use this flaw to escalate their privileges.
A null pointer dereference flaw was found in samba's Winbind service in versions before 4.11.15, before 4.12.9 and before 4.13.1. A local user could use this flaw to crash the winbind service causing denial of service.
A flaw was found in the way samba handled file and directory permissions. An authenticated user could use this flaw to gain access to certain file and directory information which otherwise would be unavailable to the attacker.
A flaw was found in the AD DC NBT server in all Samba versions before 4.10.17, before 4.11.11 and before 4.12.4. A samba user could send an empty UDP packet to cause the samba server to crash.
A use-after-free flaw was found in all samba LDAP server versions before 4.10.17, before 4.11.11, before 4.12.4 used in a AC DC configuration. A Samba LDAP user could use this flaw to crash samba.
A flaw was found in all Samba versions before 4.10.17, before 4.11.11 and before 4.12.4 in the way it processed NetBios over TCP/IP. This flaw allows a remote attacker could to cause the Samba server to consume excessive CPU use, resulting in a denial of service. This highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
A NULL pointer dereference, or possible use-after-free flaw was found in Samba AD LDAP server in versions before 4.10.17, before 4.11.11 and before 4.12.4. Although some versions of Samba shipped with Red Hat Enterprise Linux do not support Samba in AD mode, the affected code is shipped with the libldb package. This flaw allows an authenticated user to possibly trigger a use-after-free or NULL pointer dereference. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
A flaw was found when using samba as an Active Directory Domain Controller. Due to the way samba handles certain requests as an Active Directory Domain Controller LDAP server, an unauthorized user can cause a stack overflow leading to a denial of service. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability. This issue affects all samba versions before 4.10.15, before 4.11.8 and before 4.12.2.
A use-after-free flaw was found in the way samba AD DC LDAP servers, handled 'Paged Results' control is combined with the 'ASQ' control. A malicious user in a samba AD could use this flaw to cause denial of service. This issue affects all samba versions before 4.10.15, before 4.11.8 and before 4.12.2.
A flaw was found in the way samba implemented an RPC endpoint emulating the Windows registry service API. An unprivileged attacker could use this flaw to create a new registry hive file anywhere they have unix permissions which could lead to creation of a new file in the Samba share. Versions before 4.8.11, 4.9.6 and 4.10.2 are vulnerable.
A vulnerability was found in Samba from version (including) 4.9 to versions before 4.9.6 and 4.10.2. During the creation of a new Samba AD DC, files are created in a private subdirectory of the install location. This directory is typically mode 0700, that is owner (root) only access. However in some upgraded installations it will have other permissions, such as 0755, because this was the default before Samba 4.8. Within this directory, files are created with mode 0666, which is world-writable, including a sample krb5.conf, and the list of DNS names and servicePrincipalName values to update.
A flaw was found in the way an LDAP search expression could crash the shared LDAP server process of a samba AD DC in samba before version 4.10. An authenticated user, having read permissions on the LDAP server, could use this flaw to cause denial of service.
There is a use-after-free issue in all samba 4.9.x versions before 4.9.18, all samba 4.10.x versions before 4.10.12 and all samba 4.11.x versions before 4.11.5, essentially due to a call to realloc() while other local variables still point at the original buffer.
All samba versions 4.9.x before 4.9.18, 4.10.x before 4.10.12 and 4.11.x before 4.11.5 have an issue where if it is set with "log level = 3" (or above) then the string obtained from the client, after a failed character conversion, is printed. Such strings can be provided during the NTLMSSP authentication exchange. In the Samba AD DC in particular, this may cause a long-lived process(such as the RPC server) to terminate. (In the file server case, the most likely target, smbd, operates as process-per-client and so a crash there is harmless).
There is an issue in all samba 4.11.x versions before 4.11.5, all samba 4.10.x versions before 4.10.12 and all samba 4.9.x versions before 4.9.18, where the removal of the right to create or modify a subtree would not automatically be taken away on all domain controllers.
All Samba versions 4.x.x before 4.9.17, 4.10.x before 4.10.11 and 4.11.x before 4.11.3 have an issue, where the S4U (MS-SFU) Kerberos delegation model includes a feature allowing for a subset of clients to be opted out of constrained delegation in any way, either S4U2Self or regular Kerberos authentication, by forcing all tickets for these clients to be non-forwardable. In AD this is implemented by a user attribute delegation_not_allowed (aka not-delegated), which translates to disallow-forwardable. However the Samba AD DC does not do that for S4U2Self and does set the forwardable flag even if the impersonated client has the not-delegated flag set.
All Samba versions 4.x.x before 4.9.17, 4.10.x before 4.10.11 and 4.11.x before 4.11.3 have an issue, where the (poorly named) dnsserver RPC pipe provides administrative facilities to modify DNS records and zones. Samba, when acting as an AD DC, stores DNS records in LDAP. In AD, the default permissions on the DNS partition allow creation of new records by authenticated users. This is used for example to allow machines to self-register in DNS. If a DNS record was created that case-insensitively matched the name of the zone, the ldb_qsort() and dns_name_compare() routines could be confused into reading memory prior to the list of DNS entries when responding to DnssrvEnumRecords() or DnssrvEnumRecords2() and so following invalid memory as a pointer.
A flaw was found in samba 4.0.0 before samba 4.9.15 and samba 4.10.x before 4.10.10. An attacker can crash AD DC LDAP server via dirsync resulting in denial of service. Privilege escalation is not possible with this issue.
A flaw was found in Samba, all versions starting samba 4.5.0 before samba 4.9.15, samba 4.10.10, samba 4.11.2, in the way it handles a user password change or a new password for a samba user. The Samba Active Directory Domain Controller can be configured to use a custom script to check for password complexity. This configuration can fail to verify password complexity when non-ASCII characters are used in the password, which could lead to weak passwords being set for samba users, making it vulnerable to dictionary attacks.
Samba 4.10.x before 4.10.5 has a NULL pointer dereference, leading to an AD DC LDAP server Denial of Service. This is related to an attacker using the paged search control. The attacker must have directory read access in order to attempt an exploit.
Samba 4.9.x before 4.9.9 and 4.10.x before 4.10.5 has a NULL pointer dereference, leading to Denial of Service. This is related to the AD DC DNS management server (dnsserver) RPC server process.
A flaw was found in the samba client, all samba versions before samba 4.11.2, 4.10.10 and 4.9.15, where a malicious server can supply a pathname to the client with separators. This could allow the client to access files and folders outside of the SMB network pathnames. An attacker could use this vulnerability to create files outside of the current working directory using the privileges of the client user.
A flaw was found in samba versions 4.9.x up to 4.9.13, samba 4.10.x up to 4.10.8 and samba 4.11.x up to 4.11.0rc3, when certain parameters were set in the samba configuration file. An unauthenticated attacker could use this flaw to escape the shared directory and access the contents of directories outside the share.
In yast2-samba-provision up to and including version 1.0.1 the password for samba shares was provided on the command line to tools used by yast2-samba-provision, allowing local attackers to read them in the process list
A flaw was found in samba's Heimdal KDC implementation, versions 4.8.x up to, excluding 4.8.12, 4.9.x up to, excluding 4.9.8 and 4.10.x up to, excluding 4.10.3, when used in AD DC mode. A man in the middle attacker could use this flaw to intercept the request to the KDC and replace the user name (principal) in the request with any desired user name (principal) that exists in the KDC effectively obtaining a ticket for that principal.
Samba from version 4.9.0 and before version 4.9.3 that have AD DC configurations watching for bad passwords (to restrict brute forcing of passwords) in a window of more than 3 minutes may not watch for bad passwords at all. The primary risk from this issue is with regards to domains that have been upgraded from Samba 4.8 and earlier. In these cases the manual testing done to confirm an organisation's password policies apply as expected may not have been re-done after the upgrade.
Samba from version 4.7.0 has a vulnerability that allows a user in a Samba AD domain to crash the KDC when Samba is built in the non-default MIT Kerberos configuration. With this advisory the Samba Team clarify that the MIT Kerberos build of the Samba AD DC is considered experimental. Therefore the Samba Team will not issue security patches for this configuration. Additionally, Samba 4.7.12, 4.8.7 and 4.9.3 have been issued as security releases to prevent building of the AD DC with MIT Kerberos unless --with-experimental-mit-ad-dc is specified to the configure command.
Samba from version 4.9.0 and before version 4.9.3 is vulnerable to a NULL pointer de-reference. During the processing of an DNS zone in the DNS management DCE/RPC server, the internal DNS server or the Samba DLZ plugin for BIND9, if the DSPROPERTY_ZONE_MASTER_SERVERS property or DSPROPERTY_ZONE_SCAVENGING_SERVERS property is set, the server will follow a NULL pointer and terminate. There is no further vulnerability associated with this issue, merely a denial of service.
Samba from version 4.0.0 and before versions 4.7.12, 4.8.7, 4.9.3 is vulnerable to a denial of service. During the processing of an LDAP search before Samba's AD DC returns the LDAP entries to the client, the entries are cached in a single memory object with a maximum size of 256MB. When this size is reached, the Samba process providing the LDAP service will follow the NULL pointer, terminating the process. There is no further vulnerability associated with this issue, merely a denial of service.
Samba from version 4.3.0 and before versions 4.7.12, 4.8.7 and 4.9.3 are vulnerable to a denial of service. When configured to accept smart-card authentication, Samba's KDC will call talloc_free() twice on the same memory if the principal in a validly signed certificate does not match the principal in the AS-REQ. This is only possible after authentication with a trusted certificate. talloc is robust against further corruption from a double-free with talloc_free() and directly calls abort(), terminating the KDC process.
A denial of service vulnerability was discovered in Samba's LDAP server before versions 4.7.12, 4.8.7, and 4.9.3. A CNAME loop could lead to infinite recursion in the server. An unprivileged local attacker could create such an entry, leading to denial of service.
An information leak vulnerability was discovered in Samba's LDAP server. Due to missing access control checks, an authenticated but unprivileged attacker could discover the names and preserved attributes of deleted objects in the LDAP store.
An issue was discovered in the cantata-mounter D-Bus service in Cantata through 2.3.1. A regular user can inject additional mount options such as file_mode= by manipulating (for example) the domain parameter of the samba URL.
A missing input sanitization flaw was found in the implementation of LDP database used for the LDAP server. An attacker could use this flaw to cause a denial of service against a samba server, used as a Active Directory Domain Controller. All versions of Samba from 4.8.0 onwards are vulnerable
A flaw was found in the way samba before 4.7.9 and 4.8.4 allowed the use of weak NTLMv1 authentication even when NTLMv1 was explicitly disabled. A man-in-the-middle attacker could use this flaw to read the credential and other details passed between the samba server and client.
The Samba Active Directory LDAP server was vulnerable to an information disclosure flaw because of missing access control checks. An authenticated attacker could use this flaw to extract confidential attribute values using LDAP search expressions. Samba versions before 4.6.16, 4.7.9 and 4.8.4 are vulnerable.
A null pointer dereference flaw was found in the way samba checked database outputs from the LDB database layer. An authenticated attacker could use this flaw to crash a samba server in an Active Directory Domain Controller configuration. Samba versions before 4.7.9 and 4.8.4 are vulnerable.
A heap-buffer overflow was found in the way samba clients processed extra long filename in a directory listing. A malicious samba server could use this flaw to cause arbitrary code execution on a samba client. Samba versions before 4.6.16, 4.7.9 and 4.8.4 are vulnerable.
On a Samba 4 AD DC the LDAP server in all versions of Samba from 4.0.0 onwards incorrectly validates permissions to modify passwords over LDAP allowing authenticated users to change any other users' passwords, including administrative users and privileged service accounts (eg Domain Controllers).
All versions of Samba from 4.0.0 onwards are vulnerable to a denial of service attack when the RPC spoolss service is configured to be run as an external daemon. Missing input sanitization checks on some of the input parameters to spoolss RPC calls could cause the print spooler service to crash.
smbd in Samba before 4.4.10 and 4.5.x before 4.5.6 has a denial of service vulnerability (fd_open_atomic infinite loop with high CPU usage and memory consumption) due to wrongly handling dangling symlinks.
Samba since version 3.5.0 and before 4.6.4, 4.5.10 and 4.4.14 is vulnerable to remote code execution vulnerability, allowing a malicious client to upload a shared library to a writable share, and then cause the server to load and execute it.
Samba before versions 4.6.1, 4.5.7 and 4.4.11 are vulnerable to a malicious client using a symlink race to allow access to areas of the server file system not exported under the share definition.
Samba before 4.7.3 might allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information by leveraging failure of the server to clear allocated heap memory.
Use-after-free vulnerability in Samba 4.x before 4.7.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted SMB1 request.
An information leak flaw was found in the way SMB1 protocol was implemented by Samba before 4.4.16, 4.5.x before 4.5.14, and 4.6.x before 4.6.8. A malicious client could use this flaw to dump server memory contents to a file on the samba share or to a shared printer, though the exact area of server memory cannot be controlled by the attacker.
A flaw was found in the way samba client before samba 4.4.16, samba 4.5.14 and samba 4.6.8 used encryption with the max protocol set as SMB3. The connection could lose the requirement for signing and encrypting to any DFS redirects, allowing an attacker to read or alter the contents of the connection via a man-in-the-middle attack.
It was found that samba before 4.4.16, 4.5.x before 4.5.14, and 4.6.x before 4.6.8 did not enforce "SMB signing" when certain configuration options were enabled. A remote attacker could launch a man-in-the-middle attack and retrieve information in plain-text.
Samba version 4.0.0 up to 4.5.2 is vulnerable to privilege elevation due to incorrect handling of the PAC (Privilege Attribute Certificate) checksum. A remote, authenticated, attacker can cause the winbindd process to crash using a legitimate Kerberos ticket. A local service with access to the winbindd privileged pipe can cause winbindd to cache elevated access permissions.
It was found that Samba before versions 4.5.3, 4.4.8, 4.3.13 always requested forwardable tickets when using Kerberos authentication. A service to which Samba authenticated using Kerberos could subsequently use the ticket to impersonate Samba to other services or domain users.
A flaw was found in the way samba implemented SMB1 authentication. An attacker could use this flaw to retrieve the plaintext password sent over the wire even if Kerberos authentication was required.
A flaw was found in samba versions 4.0.0 to 4.5.2. The Samba routine ndr_pull_dnsp_name contains an integer wrap problem, leading to an attacker-controlled memory overwrite. ndr_pull_dnsp_name parses data from the Samba Active Directory ldb database. Any user who can write to the dnsRecord attribute over LDAP can trigger this memory corruption. By default, all authenticated LDAP users can write to the dnsRecord attribute on new DNS objects. This makes the defect a remote privilege escalation.
libcli/smb/smbXcli_base.c in Samba 4.x before 4.2.14, 4.3.x before 4.3.11, and 4.4.x before 4.4.5 allows man-in-the-middle attackers to bypass a client-signing protection mechanism, and consequently spoof SMB2 and SMB3 servers, via the (1) SMB2_SESSION_FLAG_IS_GUEST or (2) SMB2_SESSION_FLAG_IS_NULL flag.
The MS-SAMR and MS-LSAD protocol implementations in Samba 3.x and 4.x before 4.2.11, 4.3.x before 4.3.8, and 4.4.x before 4.4.2 mishandle DCERPC connections, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to perform protocol-downgrade attacks and impersonate users by modifying the client-server data stream, aka "BADLOCK."
Samba 3.x and 4.x before 4.2.11, 4.3.x before 4.3.8, and 4.4.x before 4.4.2 does not require SMB signing within a DCERPC session over ncacn_np, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof SMB clients by modifying the client-server data stream.
The SMB1 protocol implementation in Samba 4.x before 4.2.11, 4.3.x before 4.3.8, and 4.4.x before 4.4.2 does not recognize the "server signing = mandatory" setting, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof SMB servers by modifying the client-server data stream.
Samba 4.x before 4.2.11, 4.3.x before 4.3.8, and 4.4.x before 4.4.2 does not verify X.509 certificates from TLS servers, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof LDAPS and HTTPS servers and obtain sensitive information via a crafted certificate.
The bundled LDAP client library in Samba 3.x and 4.x before 4.2.11, 4.3.x before 4.3.8, and 4.4.x before 4.4.2 does not recognize the "client ldap sasl wrapping" setting, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to perform LDAP protocol-downgrade attacks by modifying the client-server data stream.
The NETLOGON service in Samba 3.x and 4.x before 4.2.11, 4.3.x before 4.3.8, and 4.4.x before 4.4.2, when a domain controller is configured, allows remote attackers to spoof the computer name of a secure channel's endpoint, and obtain sensitive session information, by running a crafted application and leveraging the ability to sniff network traffic, a related issue to CVE-2015-0005.
The NTLMSSP authentication implementation in Samba 3.x and 4.x before 4.2.11, 4.3.x before 4.3.8, and 4.4.x before 4.4.2 allows man-in-the-middle attackers to perform protocol-downgrade attacks by modifying the client-server data stream to remove application-layer flags or encryption settings, as demonstrated by clearing the NTLMSSP_NEGOTIATE_SEAL or NTLMSSP_NEGOTIATE_SIGN option to disrupt LDAP security.
The internal DNS server in Samba 4.x before 4.1.23, 4.2.x before 4.2.9, 4.3.x before 4.3.6, and 4.4.x before 4.4.0rc4, when an AD DC is configured, allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds read) or possibly obtain sensitive information from process memory by uploading a crafted DNS TXT record.
The mbcache feature in the ext2 and ext4 filesystem implementations in the Linux kernel before 4.6 mishandles xattr block caching, which allows local users to cause a denial of service (soft lockup) via filesystem operations in environments that use many attributes, as demonstrated by Ceph and Samba.
The generate_smb_nt_hash function in include/functions.inc in GOsa allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted password.
The samldb_check_user_account_control_acl function in dsdb/samdb/ldb_modules/samldb.c in Samba 4.x before 4.1.22, 4.2.x before 4.2.7, and 4.3.x before 4.3.3 does not properly check for administrative privileges during creation of machine accounts, which allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended access restrictions by leveraging the existence of a domain with both a Samba DC and a Windows DC, a similar issue to CVE-2015-2535.
The SMB1 implementation in smbd in Samba 3.x and 4.x before 4.1.23, 4.2.x before 4.2.9, 4.3.x before 4.3.6, and 4.4.x before 4.4.0rc4 allows remote authenticated users to modify arbitrary ACLs by using a UNIX SMB1 call to create a symlink, and then using a non-UNIX SMB1 call to write to the ACL content.
The LDAP server in the AD domain controller in Samba 4.x before 4.1.22 does not check return values to ensure successful ASN.1 memory allocation, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption and daemon crash) via crafted packets.
Samba 3.x and 4.x before 4.2.11, 4.3.x before 4.3.8, and 4.4.x before 4.4.2 does not properly implement the DCE-RPC layer, which allows remote attackers to perform protocol-downgrade attacks, cause a denial of service (application crash or CPU consumption), or possibly execute arbitrary code on a client system via unspecified vectors.
ldb before 1.1.24, as used in the AD LDAP server in Samba 4.x before 4.1.22, 4.2.x before 4.2.7, and 4.3.x before 4.3.3, mishandles string lengths, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information from daemon heap memory by sending crafted packets and then reading (1) an error message or (2) a database value.
The shadow_copy2_get_shadow_copy_data function in modules/vfs_shadow_copy2.c in Samba 3.x and 4.x before 4.1.22, 4.2.x before 4.2.7, and 4.3.x before 4.3.3 does not verify that the DIRECTORY_LIST access right has been granted, which allows remote attackers to access snapshots by visiting a shadow copy directory.
Samba 3.x and 4.x before 4.1.22, 4.2.x before 4.2.7, and 4.3.x before 4.3.3 supports connections that are encrypted but unsigned, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to conduct encrypted-to-unencrypted downgrade attacks by modifying the client-server data stream, related to clidfs.c, libsmb_server.c, and smbXcli_base.c.
vfs.c in smbd in Samba 3.x and 4.x before 4.1.22, 4.2.x before 4.2.7, and 4.3.x before 4.3.3, when share names with certain substring relationships exist, allows remote attackers to bypass intended file-access restrictions via a symlink that points outside of a share.
The ldb_wildcard_compare function in ldb_match.c in ldb before 1.1.24, as used in the AD LDAP server in Samba 4.x before 4.1.22, 4.2.x before 4.2.7, and 4.3.x before 4.3.3, mishandles certain zero values, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via crafted packets.
The Netlogon server implementation in smbd in Samba 3.5.x and 3.6.x before 3.6.25, 4.0.x before 4.0.25, 4.1.x before 4.1.17, and 4.2.x before 4.2.0rc5 performs a free operation on an uninitialized stack pointer, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via crafted Netlogon packets that use the ServerPasswordSet RPC API, as demonstrated by packets reaching the _netr_ServerPasswordSet function in rpc_server/netlogon/srv_netlog_nt.c.
Samba 4.0.x before 4.0.24, 4.1.x before 4.1.16, and 4.2.x before 4.2rc4, when an Active Directory Domain Controller (AD DC) is configured, allows remote authenticated users to set the LDB userAccountControl UF_SERVER_TRUST_ACCOUNT bit, and consequently gain privileges, by leveraging delegation of authority for user-account or computer-account creation.
NetBIOS name services daemon (nmbd) in Samba 4.0.x before 4.0.21 and 4.1.x before 4.1.11 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors that modify heap memory, involving a sizeof operation on an incorrect variable in the unstrcpy macro in string_wrappers.h.
The push_ascii function in smbd in Samba 3.6.x before 3.6.24, 4.0.x before 4.0.19, and 4.1.x before 4.1.9 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and daemon crash) via an attempt to read a Unicode pathname without specifying use of Unicode, leading to a character-set conversion failure that triggers an invalid pointer dereference.
X File Explorer (aka xfe) might allow local users to bypass intended access restrictions and gain access to arbitrary files by leveraging failure to use directory masks when creating files on Samba and NFS shares.
The sys_recvfrom function in nmbd in Samba 3.6.x before 3.6.24, 4.0.x before 4.0.19, and 4.1.x before 4.1.9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop and CPU consumption) via a malformed UDP packet.
The internal DNS server in Samba 4.x before 4.0.18 does not check the QR field in the header section of an incoming DNS message before sending a response, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU and bandwidth consumption) via a forged response packet that triggers a communication loop, a related issue to CVE-1999-0103.
Samba 3.6.6 through 3.6.23, 4.0.x before 4.0.18, and 4.1.x before 4.1.8, when a certain vfs shadow copy configuration is enabled, does not properly initialize the SRV_SNAPSHOT_ARRAY response field, which allows remote authenticated users to obtain potentially sensitive information from process memory via a (1) FSCTL_GET_SHADOW_COPY_DATA or (2) FSCTL_SRV_ENUMERATE_SNAPSHOTS request.
The owner_set function in smbcacls.c in smbcacls in Samba 4.0.x before 4.0.16 and 4.1.x before 4.1.6 removes an ACL during use of a --chown or --chgrp option, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions in opportunistic circumstances by leveraging an unintended administrative change.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in D-Link DSL-2760U Gateway (Rev. E1) allow remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) ntpServer1 parameter to sntpcfg.cgi, username parameter to (2) ddnsmngr.cmd or (3) todmngr.tod, (4) TodUrlAdd parameter to urlfilter.cmd, (5) appName parameter to scprttrg.cmd, (6) fltName in an add action or (7) rmLst parameter in a remove action to scoutflt.cmd, (8) groupName parameter to portmapcfg.cmd, (9) snmpRoCommunity parameter to snmpconfig.cgi, (10) fltName parameter to scinflt.cmd, (11) PolicyName in an add action or (12) rmLst parameter in a remove action to prmngr.cmd, (13) ippName parameter to ippcfg.cmd, (14) smbNetBiosName or (15) smbDirName parameter to samba.cgi, or (16) wlSsid parameter to wlcfg.wl.
D-Link DIR-865L has SMB Symlink Traversal due to misconfiguration in the SMB service allowing symbolic links to be created to locations outside of the Samba share.
Linksys EA6500 has SMB Symlink Traversal allowing symbolic links to be created to locations outside of the Samba share.
Samba 3.x before 3.6.23, 4.0.x before 4.0.16, and 4.1.x before 4.1.6 does not enforce the password-guessing protection mechanism for all interfaces, which makes it easier for remote attackers to obtain access via brute-force ChangePasswordUser2 (1) SAMR or (2) RAP attempts.
Samba 4.0.x before 4.0.11 and 4.1.x before 4.1.1, when LDAP or HTTP is provided over SSL, uses world-readable permissions for a private key, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information by reading the key file, as demonstrated by access to the local filesystem on an AD domain controller.
Samba 3.2.x through 3.6.x before 3.6.20, 4.0.x before 4.0.11, and 4.1.x before 4.1.1, when vfs_streams_depot or vfs_streams_xattr is enabled, allows remote attackers to bypass intended file restrictions by leveraging ACL differences between a file and an associated alternate data stream (ADS).
Heap-based buffer overflow in the dcerpc_read_ncacn_packet_done function in librpc/rpc/dcerpc_util.c in winbindd in Samba 3.x before 3.6.22, 4.0.x before 4.0.13, and 4.1.x before 4.1.3 allows remote AD domain controllers to execute arbitrary code via an invalid fragment length in a DCE-RPC packet.
Integer overflow in the read_nttrans_ea_list function in nttrans.c in smbd in Samba 3.x before 3.5.22, 3.6.x before 3.6.17, and 4.x before 4.0.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via a malformed packet.
Samba 4.x before 4.0.4, when configured as an Active Directory domain controller, uses world-writable permissions on non-default CIFS shares, which allows remote authenticated users to read, modify, create, or delete arbitrary files via standard filesystem operations.
The SMB2 implementation in Samba 3.6.x before 3.6.6, as used on the IBM Storwize V7000 Unified 1.3 before 1.3.2.3 and 1.4 before 1.4.0.1 and possibly other products, does not properly enforce CIFS share attributes, which allows remote authenticated users to (1) write to a read-only share; (2) trigger data-integrity problems related to the oplock, locking, coherency, or leases attribute; or (3) have an unspecified impact by leveraging incorrect handling of the browseable or "hide unreadable" parameter.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the Samba Web Administration Tool (SWAT) in Samba 3.x before 3.5.21, 3.6.x before 3.6.12, and 4.x before 4.0.2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of arbitrary users by leveraging knowledge of a password and composing requests that perform SWAT actions.
The Samba Web Administration Tool (SWAT) in Samba 3.x before 3.5.21, 3.6.x before 3.6.12, and 4.x before 4.0.2 allows remote attackers to conduct clickjacking attacks via a (1) FRAME or (2) IFRAME element.
Samba 4.0.x before 4.0.1, in certain Active Directory domain-controller configurations, does not properly interpret Access Control Entries that are based on an objectClass, which allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended restrictions on modifying LDAP directory objects by leveraging (1) objectClass access by a user, (2) objectClass access by a group, or (3) write access to an attribute.
The winbind_name_list_to_sid_string_list function in nsswitch/pam_winbind.c in Samba through 4.1.2 handles invalid require_membership_of group names by accepting authentication by any user, which allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended access restrictions in opportunistic circumstances by leveraging an administrator's pam_winbind configuration-file mistake.
The (1) CreateAccount, (2) OpenAccount, (3) AddAccountRights, and (4) RemoveAccountRights LSA RPC procedures in smbd in Samba 3.4.x before 3.4.17, 3.5.x before 3.5.15, and 3.6.x before 3.6.5 do not properly restrict modifications to the privileges database, which allows remote authenticated users to obtain the "take ownership" privilege via an LSA connection.
Mozilla Firefox 4.x through 12.0, Firefox ESR 10.x before 10.0.5, Thunderbird 5.0 through 12.0, Thunderbird ESR 10.x before 10.0.5, and SeaMonkey before 2.10 allow local users to obtain sensitive information via an HTML document that loads a shortcut (aka .lnk) file for display within an IFRAME element, as demonstrated by a network share implemented by (1) Microsoft Windows or (2) Samba.
The RPC code generator in Samba 3.x before 3.4.16, 3.5.x before 3.5.14, and 3.6.x before 3.6.4 does not implement validation of an array length in a manner consistent with validation of array memory allocation, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted RPC call.
Heap-based buffer overflow in process.c in smbd in Samba 3.0, as used in the file-sharing service on the BlackBerry PlayBook tablet before 2.0.0.7971 and other products, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via a Batched (aka AndX) request that triggers infinite recursion.
Memory leak in smbd in Samba 3.6.x before 3.6.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory and CPU consumption) by making many connection requests.
Multiple race conditions in the (1) mount.cifs and (2) umount.cifs programs in Samba 3.6 allow local users to cause a denial of service (mounting outage) via a SIGKILL signal during a time window when the /etc/mtab~ file exists.
The check_mtab function in client/mount.cifs.c in mount.cifs in smbfs in Samba 3.5.10 and earlier does not properly verify that the (1) device name and (2) mountpoint strings are composed of valid characters, which allows local users to cause a denial of service (mtab corruption) via a crafted string. NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incorrect fix for CVE-2010-0547.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the chg_passwd function in web/swat.c in the Samba Web Administration Tool (SWAT) in Samba 3.x before 3.5.10 allows remote authenticated administrators to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the username parameter to the passwd program (aka the user field to the Change Password page).
Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in the Samba Web Administration Tool (SWAT) in Samba 3.x before 3.5.10 allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators for requests that (1) shut down daemons, (2) start daemons, (3) add shares, (4) remove shares, (5) add printers, (6) remove printers, (7) add user accounts, or (8) remove user accounts, as demonstrated by certain start, stop, and restart parameters to the status program.
Unspecified vulnerability on HP NonStop Servers with software H06.x through H06.23.00 and J06.x through J06.12.00, when Samba is used, allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
smbfs in Samba 3.5.8 and earlier attempts to use (1) mount.cifs to append to the /etc/mtab file and (2) umount.cifs to append to the /etc/mtab.tmp file without first checking whether resource limits would interfere, which allows local users to trigger corruption of the /etc/mtab file via a process with a small RLIMIT_FSIZE value, a related issue to CVE-2011-1089.
logwatch.pl in Logwatch 7.3.6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in a log file name, as demonstrated via a crafted username to a Samba server.
Samba 3.x before 3.3.15, 3.4.x before 3.4.12, and 3.5.x before 3.5.7 does not perform range checks for file descriptors before use of the FD_SET macro, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (stack memory corruption, and infinite loop or daemon crash) by opening a large number of files, related to (1) Winbind or (2) smbd.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the (1) sid_parse and (2) dom_sid_parse functions in Samba before 3.5.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a crafted Windows Security ID (SID) on a file share.
Buffer overflow in the SMB1 packet chaining implementation in the chain_reply function in process.c in smbd in Samba 3.0.x before 3.3.13 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and daemon crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via a crafted field in a packet.
The reply_sesssetup_and_X_spnego function in sesssetup.c in smbd in Samba before 3.4.8 and 3.5.x before 3.5.2 allows remote attackers to trigger an out-of-bounds read, and cause a denial of service (process crash), via a \xff\xff security blob length in a Session Setup AndX request.
The chain_reply function in process.c in smbd in Samba before 3.4.8 and 3.5.x before 3.5.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and process crash) via a Negotiate Protocol request with a certain 0x0003 field value followed by a Session Setup AndX request with a certain 0x8003 field value.
The default configuration of SMB File Server in Apple Mac OS X 10.5.8, and 10.6 before 10.6.4, enables support for wide links, which allows remote authenticated users to access arbitrary files via vectors involving symbolic links.  NOTE: this might overlap CVE-2010-0926.
The default configuration of smbd in Samba before 3.3.11, 3.4.x before 3.4.6, and 3.5.x before 3.5.0rc3, when a writable share exists, allows remote authenticated users to leverage a directory traversal vulnerability, and access arbitrary files, by using the symlink command in smbclient to create a symlink containing .. (dot dot) sequences, related to the combination of the unix extensions and wide links options.
client/mount.cifs.c in mount.cifs in smbfs in Samba 3.0.22, 3.0.28a, 3.2.3, 3.3.2, 3.4.0, and 3.4.5 allows local users to mount a CIFS share on an arbitrary mountpoint, and gain privileges, via a symlink attack on the mountpoint directory file.
smbd in Samba 3.3.11, 3.4.6, and 3.5.0, when libcap support is enabled, runs with the CAP_DAC_OVERRIDE capability, which allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended file permissions via standard filesystem operations with any client.
client/mount.cifs.c in mount.cifs in smbfs in Samba 3.4.5 and earlier does not verify that the (1) device name and (2) mountpoint strings are composed of valid characters, which allows local users to cause a denial of service (mtab corruption) via a crafted string.
vbscript.dll in VBScript 5.1, 5.6, 5.7, and 5.8 in Microsoft Windows 2000 SP4, XP SP2 and SP3, and Server 2003 SP2, when Internet Explorer is used, allows user-assisted remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by referencing a (1) local pathname, (2) UNC share pathname, or (3) WebDAV server with a crafted .hlp file in the fourth argument (aka helpfile argument) to the MsgBox function, leading to code execution involving winhlp32.exe when the F1 key is pressed, aka "VBScript Help Keypress Vulnerability."
** REJECT **
mount.cifs in Samba 3.0 before 3.0.37, 3.2 before 3.2.15, 3.3 before 3.3.8 and 3.4 before 3.4.2, when mount.cifs is installed suid root, does not properly enforce permissions, which allows local users to read part of the credentials file and obtain the password by specifying the path to the credentials file and using the --verbose or -v option.
smbd in Samba 3.0 before 3.0.37, 3.2 before 3.2.15, 3.3 before 3.3.8, and 3.4 before 3.4.2 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via an unanticipated oplock break notification reply packet.
Samba 3.4 before 3.4.2, 3.3 before 3.3.8, 3.2 before 3.2.15, and 3.0.12 through 3.0.36, as used in the SMB subsystem in Apple Mac OS X 10.5.8 when Windows File Sharing is enabled, Fedora 11, and other operating systems, does not properly handle errors in resolving pathnames, which allows remote authenticated users to bypass intended sharing restrictions, and read, create, or modify files, in certain circumstances involving user accounts that lack home directories.
The acl_group_override function in smbd/posix_acls.c in smbd in Samba 3.0.x before 3.0.35, 3.1.x and 3.2.x before 3.2.13, and 3.3.x before 3.3.6, when dos filemode is enabled, allows remote attackers to modify access control lists for files via vectors related to read access to uninitialized memory.
Multiple format string vulnerabilities in client/client.c in smbclient in Samba 3.2.0 through 3.2.12 might allow context-dependent attackers to execute arbitrary code via format string specifiers in a filename.
Samba 3.2.0 through 3.2.6, when registry shares are enabled, allows remote authenticated users to access the root filesystem via a crafted connection request that specifies a blank share name.
** REJECT **
smbd in Samba 3.0.29 through 3.2.4 might allow remote attackers to read arbitrary memory and cause a denial of service via crafted (1) trans, (2) trans2, and (3) nttrans requests, related to a "cut&amp;paste error" that causes an improper bounds check to be performed.
The Cisco Linksys WRT350N with firmware 1.0.3.7 has "admin" as its default password for the "admin" account, which makes it easier for remote attackers to obtain access.
Samba 3.2.0 uses weak permissions (0666) for the (1) group_mapping.tdb and (2) group_mapping.ldb files, which allows local users to modify the membership of Unix groups.
Linux kernel before 2.6.25.2 does not apply a certain protection mechanism for fcntl functionality, which allows local users to (1) execute code in parallel or (2) exploit a race condition to obtain "re-ordered access to the descriptor table."
Race condition in the directory notification subsystem (dnotify) in Linux kernel 2.6.x before 2.6.24.6, and 2.6.25 before 2.6.25.1, allows local users to cause a denial of service (OOPS) and possibly gain privileges via unspecified vectors.
gcc 4.3.x does not generate a cld instruction while compiling functions used for string manipulation such as memcpy and memmove on x86 and i386, which can prevent the direction flag (DF) from being reset in violation of ABI conventions and cause data to be copied in the wrong direction during signal handling in the Linux kernel, which might allow context-dependent attackers to trigger memory corruption. NOTE: this issue was originally reported for CPU consumption in SBCL.
Heap-based buffer overflow in the receive_smb_raw function in util/sock.c in Samba 3.0.0 through 3.0.29 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted SMB response.
Linux kernel before 2.6.22.17, when using certain drivers that register a fault handler that does not perform range checks, allows local users to access kernel memory via an out-of-range offset.
The do_coredump function in fs/exec.c in Linux kernel 2.4.x and 2.6.x up to 2.6.24-rc3, and possibly other versions, does not change the UID of a core dump file if it exists before a root process creates a core dump in the same location, which might allow local users to obtain sensitive information.
The isdn_ioctl function in isdn_common.c in Linux kernel 2.6.23 allows local users to cause a denial of service via a crafted ioctl struct in which iocts is not null terminated, which triggers a buffer overflow.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the send_mailslot function in nmbd in Samba 3.0.0 through 3.0.27a, when the "domain logons" option is enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a GETDC mailslot request composed of a long GETDC string following an offset username in a SAMLOGON logon request.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in GoSamba 1.0.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the include_path parameter to (1) HTML_oben.php, (2) inc_freigabe.php, (3) inc_freigabe1.php, or (4) inc_freigabe3.php in include/; (5) inc_group.php; (6) inc_manager.php; (7) inc_newgroup.php; (8) inc_smb_conf.php; (9) inc_user.php; or (10) main.php.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the reply_netbios_packet function in nmbd/nmbd_packets.c in nmbd in Samba 3.0.0 through 3.0.26a, when operating as a WINS server, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via crafted WINS Name Registration requests followed by a WINS Name Query request.
Linux kernel before 2.4.21 allows local users to cause a denial of service (kernel panic) via asynchronous input or output on a FIFO special file.
Multiple integer overflows in the imageop module in Python 2.5.1 and earlier allow context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) and possibly obtain sensitive information (memory contents) via crafted arguments to (1) the tovideo method, and unspecified other vectors related to (2) imageop.c, (3) rbgimgmodule.c, and other files, which trigger heap-based buffer overflows.
Stack-based buffer overflow in nmbd in Samba 3.0.0 through 3.0.26a, when configured as a Primary or Backup Domain controller, allows remote attackers to have an unknown impact via crafted GETDC mailslot requests, related to handling of GETDC logon server requests.
The (1) aac_cfg_open and (2) aac_compat_ioctl functions in the SCSI layer ioctl path in aacraid in the Linux kernel before 2.6.23-rc2 do not check permissions for ioctls, which might allow local users to cause a denial of service or gain privileges.
The Winbind nss_info extension (nsswitch/idmap_ad.c) in idmap_ad.so in Samba 3.0.25 through 3.0.25c, when the "winbind nss info" option is set to rfc2307 or sfu, grants all local users the privileges of gid 0 when the (1) RFC2307 or (2) Services for UNIX (SFU) primary group attribute is not defined.
** REJECT **
The MS-RPC functionality in smbd in Samba 3.0.0 through 3.0.25rc3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters involving the (1) SamrChangePassword function, when the "username map script" smb.conf option is enabled, and allows remote authenticated users to execute commands via shell metacharacters involving other MS-RPC functions in the (2) remote printer and (3) file share management.
Multiple heap-based buffer overflows in the NDR parsing in smbd in Samba 3.0.0 through 3.0.25rc3 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via crafted MS-RPC requests involving (1) DFSEnum (netdfs_io_dfs_EnumInfo_d), (2) RFNPCNEX (smb_io_notify_option_type_data), (3) LsarAddPrivilegesToAccount (lsa_io_privilege_set), (4) NetSetFileSecurity (sec_io_acl), or (5) LsarLookupSids/LsarLookupSids2 (lsa_io_trans_names).
Logic error in the SID/Name translation functionality in smbd in Samba 3.0.23d through 3.0.25pre2 allows local users to gain temporary privileges and execute SMB/CIFS protocol operations via unspecified vectors that cause the daemon to transition to the root user.
The Samba server on Apple Mac OS X 10.3.9 and 10.4.10, when Windows file sharing is enabled, does not enforce disk quotas after dropping privileges, which allows remote authenticated users to use disk space in excess of quota.
Off-by-one error in the PyLocale_strxfrm function in Modules/_localemodule.c for Python 2.4 and 2.5 causes an incorrect buffer size to be used for the strxfrm function, which allows context-dependent attackers to read portions of memory via unknown manipulations that trigger a buffer over-read due to missing null termination.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the Apple-specific Samba module (SMB File Server) in Apple Mac OS X 10.4 through 10.4.8 allows context-dependent attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long ACL.
Format string vulnerability in the afsacl.so VFS module in Samba 3.0.6 through 3.0.23d allows context-dependent attackers to execute arbitrary code via format string specifiers in a filename on an AFS file system, which is not properly handled during Windows ACL mapping.
Buffer overflow in the nss_winbind.so.1 library in Samba 3.0.21 through 3.0.23d, as used in the winbindd daemon on Solaris, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via the (1) gethostbyname and (2) getipnodebyname functions.
smbd in Samba 3.0.6 through 3.0.23d allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (memory and CPU exhaustion) by renaming a file in a way that prevents a request from being removed from the deferred open queue, which triggers an infinite loop.
Integer overflow in Perl-Compatible Regular Expression (PCRE) library before 6.7 might allow context-dependent attackers to execute arbitrary code via a regular expression that involves large (1) min, (2) max, or (3) duplength values that cause an incorrect length calculation and trigger a buffer overflow, a different vulnerability than CVE-2006-7227. NOTE: this issue was originally subsumed by CVE-2006-7224, but that CVE has been REJECTED and split.
Unspecified vulnerability in HP-UX B.11.11 and B.11.23 CIFS Server (Samba) allows local users to gain privileges or obtain "unauthorized access" via unspecified vectors.
The mincore function in the Linux kernel before 2.4.33.6 does not properly lock access to user space, which has unspecified impact and attack vectors, possibly related to a deadlock.
The smdb daemon (smbd/service.c) in Samba 3.0.1 through 3.0.22 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via a large number of share connection requests.
The winbindd daemon in Samba 3.0.21 to 3.0.21c writes the machine trust account password in cleartext in log files, which allows local users to obtain the password and spoof the server in the domain.
Incomplete blacklist vulnerability in include.php in PHPKIT 1.6.1 Release 2 and earlier, with allow_url_fopen enabled, allows remote attackers to conduct PHP remote file include attacks via a path parameter that specifies a (1) UNC share or (2) ftps URL, which bypasses the check for "http://", "ftp://", and "https://" URLs.
Memory leak in the VFS file lease handling in locks.c in Linux kernels 2.6.10 to 2.6.15 allows local users to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion) via certain Samba activities that cause an fasync entry to be re-allocated by the fcntl_setlease function after the fasync queue has already been cleaned by the locks_delete_lock function.
Buffer overflow in the spa_base64_to_bits function in Exim before 4.43, as originally obtained from Samba code, and as called by the auth_spa_client function, may allow attackers to execute arbitrary code during SPA authentication.
Multiple memory leaks in Samba before 3.0.6 allow attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption).
F-Secure Anti-Virus 5.41 and 5.42 on Windows, Client Security 5.50 and 5.52, 4.60 for Samba Servers, and 4.52 and earlier for Linux does not properly detect certain viruses in a PKZip archive, which allows viruses such as Sober.D and Sober.G to bypass initial detection.
SecureCRT 4.0, 4.1, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a telnet:// URL that uses the /F option to specify a configuration file on a samba share.
Integer overflow in the Samba daemon (smbd) in Samba 2.x and 3.0.x through 3.0.9 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (application crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a Samba request with a large number of security descriptors that triggers a heap-based buffer overflow.
The smb_recv_trans2 function call in the samba filesystem (smbfs) in Linux kernel 2.4 and 2.6 does not properly handle the re-assembly of fragmented packets correctly, which could allow remote samba servers to (1) read arbitrary kernel information or (2) raise a counter value to an arbitrary number by sending the first part of the fragmented packet multiple times.
The ms_fnmatch function in Samba 3.0.4 and 3.0.7 and possibly other versions allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a SAMBA request that contains multiple * (wildcard) characters.
Multiple vulnerabilities in the samba filesystem (smbfs) in Linux kernel 2.4 and 2.6 allow remote samba servers to cause a denial of service (crash) or gain sensitive information from kernel memory via a samba server (1) returning more data than requested to the smb_proc_read function, (2) returning a data offset from outside the samba packet to the smb_proc_readX function, (3) sending a certain TRANS2 fragmented packet to the smb_receive_trans2 function, (4) sending a samba packet with a certain header size to the smb_proc_readX_data function, or (5) sending a certain packet based offset for the data in a packet to the smb_receive_trans2 function.
Buffer overflow in the QFILEPATHINFO request handler in Samba 3.0.x through 3.0.7 may allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a TRANSACT2_QFILEPATHINFO request with a small "maximum data bytes" value.
smbd in Samba before 2.2.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) by sending a FindNextPrintChangeNotify request without a previous FindFirstPrintChangeNotify, as demonstrated by the SMB client in Windows XP SP2.
The unix_clean_name function in Samba 2.2.x through 2.2.11, and 3.0.x before 3.0.2a, trims certain directory names down to absolute paths, which could allow remote attackers to bypass the specified share restrictions and read, write, or list arbitrary files via "/.////" style sequences in pathnames.
The process_logon_packet function in the nmbd server for Samba 3.0.6 and earlier, when domain logons are enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a SAM_UAS_CHANGE request with a length value that is larger than the number of structures that are provided.
Samba 3.0.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop and memory exhaustion) via certain malformed requests that cause new processes to be spawned and enter an infinite loop.
Buffer overflow in Samba 2.2.x to 2.2.9, and 3.0.0 to 3.0.4, when the "mangling method = hash" option is enabled in smb.conf, has unknown impact and attack vectors.
Buffer overflow in the Samba Web Administration Tool (SWAT) in Samba 3.0.2 to 3.0.4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an invalid base-64 character during HTTP basic authentication.
Buffer overflow in Microsoft Internet Explorer and Explorer on Windows XP SP1, WIndows 2000, Windows 98, and Windows Me may allow remote malicious servers to cause a denial of service (application crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via long share names, as demonstrated using Samba.
smbmnt in Samba 2.x and 3.x on Linux 2.6, when installed setuid, allows local users to gain root privileges by mounting a Samba share that contains a setuid root program, whose setuid attributes are not cleared when the share is mounted.
The mksmbpasswd shell script (mksmbpasswd.sh) in Samba 3.0.0 and 3.0.1, when creating an account but marking it as disabled, may overwrite the user password with an uninitialized buffer, which could enable the account with a more easily guessable password.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the reply_nttrans function in Samba 2.2.7a and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted request, a different vulnerability than CVE-2003-0201.
Buffer overflow in the call_trans2open function in trans2.c for Samba 2.2.x before 2.2.8a, 2.0.10 and earlier 2.0.x versions, and Samba-TNG before 0.3.2, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
Multiple buffer overflows in Samba before 2.2.8a may allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service, as discovered by the Samba team and a different vulnerability than CVE-2003-0201.
OpenSSL does not use RSA blinding by default, which allows local and remote attackers to obtain the server's private key by determining factors using timing differences on (1) the number of extra reductions during Montgomery reduction, and (2) the use of different integer multiplication algorithms ("Karatsuba" and normal).
The code for writing reg files in Samba before 2.2.8 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a race condition involving chown.
Buffer overflow in the SMB/CIFS packet fragment re-assembly code for SMB daemon (smbd) in Samba before 2.2.8, and Samba-TNG before 0.3.1, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
Samba before 2.2.5 does not properly terminate the enum_csc_policy data structure, which may allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a buffer overflow attack.
Buffer overflow in samba 2.2.2 through 2.2.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via an encrypted password that causes the overflow during decryption in which a DOS codepage string is converted to a little-endian UCS2 unicode string.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the %m macro in the smb.conf configuration file in Samba before 2.2.0a allows remote attackers to overwrite certain files via a .. in a NETBIOS name, which is used as the name for a .log file.
HP CIFS/9000 Server (SAMBA) A.01.07 and earlier with the "unix password sync" option enabled calls the passwd program without specifying the username of the user making the request, which could cause the server to change the password of a different user.
Vulnerability in CIFS/9000 Server (SAMBA) A.01.06 and earlier in HP-UX 11.0 and 11.11, when configured as a print server, allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files by modifying certain resources.
Samba before 2.2.0 allows local attackers to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack using (1) a printer queue query, (2) the more command in smbclient, or (3) the mput command in smbclient.
The client authentication interface for Check Point Firewall-1 4.0 and earlier generates different error messages for invalid usernames versus invalid passwords, which allows remote attackers to identify valid usernames on the firewall.
CS&amp;T CorporateTime for the Web returns different error messages for invalid usernames and invalid passwords, which allows remote attackers to determine valid usernames on the server.
Samba Web Administration Tool (SWAT) in Samba 2.0.7 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by repeatedly submitting a nonstandard URL in the GET HTTP request and forcing it to restart.
Samba Web Administration Tool (SWAT) in Samba 2.0.7 supplies a different error message when a valid username is provided versus an invalid name, which allows remote attackers to identify valid users on the server.
Samba Web Administration Tool (SWAT) in Samba 2.0.7 does not log login attempts in which the username is correct but the password is wrong, which allows remote attackers to conduct brute force password guessing attacks.
Samba Web Administration Tool (SWAT) in Samba 2.0.7 installs the cgi.log logging file with world readable permissions, which allows local users to read sensitive information such as user names and passwords.
Samba Web Administration Tool (SWAT) in Samba 2.0.7 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the cgi.log file.
Windows Internet Naming Service (WINS) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (connectivity loss) or steal credentials via a 1Ch registration that causes WINS to change the domain controller to point to a malicious server.  NOTE: this problem may be limited when Windows 95/98 clients are used, or if the primary domain controller becomes unavailable.
Samba 1.9.18 inadvertently includes a prototype application, wsmbconf, which is installed with incorrect permissions including the setgid bit, which allows local users to read and write files and possibly gain privileges via bugs in the program.
Race condition in Samba smbmnt allows local users to mount file systems in arbitrary locations.
Buffer overflow in Samba smbd program via a malformed message command.
Denial of service in Samba NETBIOS name service daemon (nmbd).
Samba has a buffer overflow which allows a remote attacker to obtain root access by specifying a long password.
Windows NT crashes or locks up when a Samba client executes a "cd .." command on a file share.

